---
title: '2015-12-15'
date: '2017-09-01T16:21:09+01:00'
description: 
draft: false
creators: []
contributors: []
publisher: 
tags: []
aliases:
- "/mediawiki_wiki/LD4PE_Meeting_Minutes/2015-12-15.html"
---

 **This is an archived MediaWiki page.**  
This page was last modified on 15 December 2015, at 18:42.  
This page has been accessed 7,922 times.

[<img alt="LD4PE logo" src="/mediawiki_wiki/images/Ld4pe.png" width="100" height="99">](/mediawiki_wiki/images/Ld4pe.png "LD4PE logo") [LD4PE Task Group Homepage](/mediawiki_wiki/Pet/ld4pe)

# 15 December 2015: Meeting Summary 
<table id="toc" class="toc">
  <tr>
    <td>
      <div id="toctitle">
        <h2>Contents</h2>
      </div>
      <ul>
        <li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-1">
          <a href="#15_December_2015:_Meeting_Summary"><span class="tocnumber">1</span> <span class="toctext">15 December 2015: Meeting Summary</span></a>
          <ul>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-2"><a href="#Agenda"><span class="tocnumber">1.1</span> <span class="toctext">Agenda</span></a></li>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-3"><a href="#Summary"><span class="tocnumber">1.2</span> <span class="toctext">Summary</span></a></li>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-4"><a href="#Action_items"><span class="tocnumber">1.3</span> <span class="toctext">Action items</span></a></li>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-5"><a href="#Meeting_Resources_.26_References"><span class="tocnumber">1.4</span> <span class="toctext">Meeting Resources &amp; References</span></a></li>
          </ul>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>


## Agenda 

- Technical Work- Stuart Sutton 
- Resource Collection- Sean Dolan
- Editorial Board- Tom Baker 
- Marketing and Community Building- Mike Lauruhn
- Other business- Mike Crandall

## Summary 

Present: Tom Baker, Joseph Chapman, Dave Clarke, Mike Crandall, Sean Dolan, Abi Evans, Mike Lauruhn, Debbie Maron, Sam Oh, Stuart Sutton, David Talley, Marcia Zeng

- **Technical:** The updated competency index has been migrated to the website and is being reseeded with new content records over the rest of December, to reflect remapping to current topical index and competency index. This should be done by early January. In the meantime, may look empty in many areas. Stuart will hook up with Joseph on SSL question this week to resolve, also will look at increased AWS expenses as traffic is expected to increase. Abi is updating competency index and adding subject terms to site. David is working on ratings plugin, and the sorting of resource listings by rating—will test as new content is added. Will begin to work on saved sets of resources and building out learning resource trajectories in early 2016, so users can create learning maps for themselves and share. Joseph has been working on RDF for the topical index and revised competency index. Will work with Abi to take advantage of controlled vocabularies in WordPress, so can sort materials on the site through various filters. Orphan materials still need to be migrated. 

- **Resource Collection:** OCLC data sets should be up by end of year, content partners are encouraged to start thinking about how they might use these for exercises/examples as they begin to develop learning resources. Sean suspended cataloging while reindexing, but has been keeping a list and will start to migrate these into the pool now. With orphan resources, the total is now around 500. Sean has started remapping process and completed 15, will probably finish by end of month. Would like to find more assessment-based items (quizzes, exams), but will likely need to create some. Mike C and Sean will set up call to discuss his role going forward, particularly around defining gaps for content partners to fill with new materials. Still have gaps in intermediate and advanced materials that will need to be developed, as well as large gaps in competencies. Mike C will follow up with content partners to develop strategy for areas of focus after talking with Sean about the gap analysis. Sean is graduating but will continue on Editorial Board and contribute on a volunteer basis, with possible funding if we can work that out.

- **Editorial Board:** Postponed call this month due to Tom's health and conflicts, will reschedule for January. [Github input collection](https://github.com/stuartasutton/cieb-1/blob/master/CompIndex/CompIndex-draft.md)<sup id="cite_ref-0" class="reference"><a href="#cite_note-0">[1]</a></sup> has been working well, will be refining and writing up documentation so method is clear. Identified new areas for competencies-- Ruby RDF library, will review with one of the developers (some tutorials available); also Python RDF library. 

- **Marketing and Community Building:** Mike L is heading to Boston for ALA Midwinter LLD interest group and ALISE. ALA Annual is coming up in June (Orlando); poster deadline January 29. Mike C will look into attending and will take lead for this- if others will be going, let him know. The annual IFLA conference is August 15-19 in Columbus Ohio- posters on August 15/16. Submission deadline is February 1. Mike C and Marcia will discuss submitting a poster for this. OCLC is also putting together a DCMI workshop in parallel on the day after- will focus on origins of Dublin Core, may be worth attending this as well. Need to start planning for next fall, Mike L will review schedules and identify possible venues for our work, and post events to the website calendar as they are finalized. Sam and Marcia got a lot of interest at ICADL with their poster. Found that no one knows what Exploratorium is, assumed it was about science museums. Also don’t understand “Competency Index”-- Mike L found this to be true in US as well. May need to think about adding some explanation of terms so terminology can be interpreted by those who are unfamiliar. Would be useful to have some concrete examples of what equivalent language would be in other countries to help describe the CI on the website. Sam pointed out the project name may be confusing as well—might be better to say “Educators” rather than “Education”. 

- **Other Business:** Meetings will continue on regular schedule, third Tuesday of the month, 7:00 AM PST. Marcia will be on a Fulbright fellowship in Taiwan, but will join when possible and still participate fully. Priority for work from Kent State—user testing or resource collection? Could start testing parts of website soon (the CI and resource display), other development is still ongoing and may have to be later, after end of second quarter of year. Maybe two phase approach would be appropriate. Mike C will follow up with Marcia to think through this. The project interim report ( [File:LD4PEinterimreport.pdf](/mediawiki_wiki/files/LD4PEinterimreport.pdf "File:LD4PEinterimreport.pdf")<sup id="cite_ref-1" class="reference"><a href="#cite_note-1">[2]</a></sup>) has been submitted to IMLS if you want to see a snapshot of our work to date.

## Action items 

- Joseph and Stuart will resolve SSL question and purchase appropriate licenses, follow up on AWS capacity increase
- Joseph will move orphan resources into triple store 
- Mike C will follow up with Sean to discuss strategy for content partner resource development, and with content partners once that is in place
- Mike C will submit poster to ALA annual, work with Marcia on poster for IFLA
- Mike L will populate website calendar with upcoming public LD4PE events
- Mike C and Marcia will follow up on user testing and resource collection plan for coming year
- **Next Meeting:** Tuesday, 1/19 at 7:00 AM PST.

## Meeting Resources & References 

1. ↑ [https://github.com/stuartasutton/cieb-1/blob/master/CompIndex/CompIndex-draft.md](https://github.com/stuartasutton/cieb-1/blob/master/CompIndex/CompIndex-draft.md)
2. ↑ [File:LD4PEinterimreport.pdf](/mediawiki_wiki/files/LD4PEinterimreport.pdf "File:LD4PEinterimreport.pdf")

