---
title: '2015-03-17'
date: '2017-09-01T16:21:09+01:00'
description: 
draft: false
creators: []
contributors: []
publisher: 
tags: []
aliases:
- "/mediawiki_wiki/LD4PE_Meeting_Minutes/2015-03-17.html"
---

 **This is an archived MediaWiki page.**  
This page was last modified on 18 March 2015, at 13:54.  
This page has been accessed 16,363 times.

[<img alt="LD4PE logo" src="/mediawiki_wiki/images/Ld4pe.png" width="100" height="99">](/mediawiki_wiki/images/Ld4pe.png) [LD4PE Task Group Homepage](/mediawiki_wiki/Pet/ld4pe)

# 17 March 2015: Meeting Summary 
<table id="toc" class="toc">
  <tr>
    <td>
      <div id="toctitle">
        <h2>Contents</h2>
      </div>
      <ul>
        <li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-1">
          <a href="#17_March_2015:_Meeting_Summary"><span class="tocnumber">1</span> <span class="toctext">17 March 2015: Meeting Summary</span></a>
          <ul>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-2"><a href="#Agenda"><span class="tocnumber">1.1</span> <span class="toctext">Agenda</span></a></li>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-3"><a href="#Summary"><span class="tocnumber">1.2</span> <span class="toctext">Summary</span></a></li>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-4"><a href="#Action_Items"><span class="tocnumber">1.3</span> <span class="toctext">Action Items</span></a></li>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-5"><a href="#Meeting_Resources_.26_References"><span class="tocnumber">1.4</span> <span class="toctext">Meeting Resources &amp; References</span></a></li>
          </ul>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>


## Agenda 

- Technical Work- Stuart Sutton 
- Resource Collection- Marcia Zeng
- Editorial Board- Tom Baker 
- Marketing and Community Building- Mike Lauruhn
- Anyone—other business

## Summary 

Present: Tom Baker, Joseph Chapman, Mike Crandall, Sean Dolan, Mike Lauruhn, Stuart Sutton, David Talley, Marcia Zeng

- **Technical Work** : Stuart and Joseph continue to make progress on the Editor for the triple store, and it is ready for testing. Joseph is looking for people to validate the LRMI RDF syntax produced by the the editor (which includes many literals because of the lack of URIs in the LRMI vocabularies-- a future project for the LRMI task group). An autocomplete feature has been built into the editor to allow real-time lookup of prior entries, which should hopefully reduce duplication. Please try the [editor](http://54.175.178.152/rdf/lrmi/#/home)<sup id="cite_ref-0" class="reference"><a href="#cite_note-0">[1]</a></sup>, and send any feedback to Joseph. We agreed that Sean will work with Joseph and Stuart to review the editor, but others can also step in here and let Joseph know if there are areas of confusion. A job description for the student helper to aid with the WordPress integration with the triple store has been created, and Mike will begin looking for candidates immediately. Tom has submitted the request for a domain name to KNL for a permanent address for the WordPress site. David asked for feedback on the updated [architecture diagram](/mediawiki_wiki/files/Ld4peSystemArchitecture_v0.3.pdf)<sup id="cite_ref-1" class="reference"><a href="#cite_note-1">[2]</a></sup>.
- **Resource Collection** : Sean Dolan has created a glossary of terms related to LD4PE and distributed through the listserv- please take a look and send feedback. Sean asked about including tools as resources, and we all agreed that is appropriate, but they should be classed as such so that we can differentiate them from other resource types. May need to work on type vocabulary for this. Mike C will send an intro to content partners so Sean can discuss resources they might have that would contribute to the pool. Joseph will be taking a dump of the resource collection in the next couple weeks to start populating the triple store for testing.
- **Editorial Board** : Tom proposed a model for the editorial board on the listserv focused heavily on resource review. After some discussion, we agreed that the primary function of the board should be the review and care of the Competency Index, with resource review a secondary function, primarily focused on selecting high value resources to support key areas of the index. We agreed that Sean should be a part of the board, which should have a small core, but bring subject matter experts in for short term advice on the Index or resource gaps. Sean should be the primary driver in identifying content gaps, with the Editorial Board helping to locate resources when appropriate. Tom will follow up with Sean to identify current gaps Sean has identified in the Index, and begin to assemble members for the board and set up a review schedule. Joseph will send an ascii version of the current index for Tom to use in recruiting candidates (which might include some of our content partners).
- **Marketing/Community building** : Mike L. had to leave before we got to this item, but Debbie Maron and Mike L. have submitted a proposal for a workshop to LITA, and will make that available on the [wiki page](/mediawiki_wiki/Marketing_and_Community_Building) <sup id="cite_ref-2" class="reference"><a href="#cite_note-2">[3]</a></sup>. 
- **Next Meeting** : Next meeting will be at 7:00 AM PDT on April 15.

## Action Items 

- **Editor:** Sean will work with Joseph to test the editor, others welcome to do so as well.
- **Domain name:** Tom will follow up on submission of request for domain name with NLK and let everyone know when complete.
- **PhP help:** Mike will post job description for student hourly employee and work on hiring.
- **Architecture diagram:** Everyone should review the [architecture diagram](/mediawiki_wiki/files/Ld4peSystemArchitecture_v0.3.pdf) and send any feedback/comments to David Talley
- **Glossary/content:** All should review and submit comments and ideas to Sean. Mike C will send intro to Sean and content partners to discuss where they might contribute.
- **Editorial Board:** Joseph will send an ascii version of the current index for Tom to use in recruiting candidates (which might include some of our content partners). Tom will follow up with Sean to identify gaps in the Competency Index and use that information to start the Editorial Board work.
- **Community:** Debbie Maron and Mike Lauruhn have submitted a proposal for a workshop to LITA, and will make that available on the wiki for future use. Everyone should continue to review and update the Marketing and Community Building [wiki page](/mediawiki_wiki/Marketing_and_Community_Building) <sup id="cite_ref-3" class="reference"><a href="#cite_note-3">[4]</a></sup>. 
- **Next Meeting:** Wednesday, April 15, at 7:00 AM PDT.

## Meeting Resources & References 

1. ↑ [http://54.175.178.152/rdf/lrmi/#/home](http://54.175.178.152/rdf/lrmi/#/home)
2. ↑ Ld4peSystemArchitecture\_v0.3.pdf
3. ↑ [/mediawiki_wiki/Marketing\_and\_Community\_Building](/mediawiki_wiki/Marketing_and_Community_Building)
4. ↑ [/mediawiki_wiki/Marketing\_and\_Community\_Building](/mediawiki_wiki/Marketing_and_Community_Building)

