---
title: '2015-01-21'
date: '2017-09-01T16:21:09+01:00'
description: 
draft: false
creators: []
contributors: []
publisher: 
tags: []
aliases:
- "/archive/mediawiki_wiki/LD4PE_Meeting_Minutes/2015-01-21.html"
---

 **This is an archived MediaWiki page.**  
This page was last modified on 23 January 2015, at 03:41.  
This page has been accessed 19,655 times.

[<img alt="LD4PE logo" src="/archive/mediawiki_wiki/images/Ld4pe.png" width="100" height="99">](/archive/mediawiki_wiki/images/Ld4pe.png "LD4PE logo") [LD4PE Task Group Homepage](/archive/mediawiki_wiki/Pet/ld4pe)

# 21 January 2015: Meeting Summary 
<table id="toc" class="toc">
  <tr>
    <td>
      <div id="toctitle">
        <h2>Contents</h2>
      </div>
      <ul>
        <li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-1">
          <a href="#21_January_2015:_Meeting_Summary"><span class="tocnumber">1</span> <span class="toctext">21 January 2015: Meeting Summary</span></a>
          <ul>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-2"><a href="#Agenda"><span class="tocnumber">1.1</span> <span class="toctext">Agenda</span></a></li>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-3"><a href="#Summary"><span class="tocnumber">1.2</span> <span class="toctext">Summary</span></a></li>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-4"><a href="#Action_Items"><span class="tocnumber">1.3</span> <span class="toctext">Action Items</span></a></li>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-5"><a href="#Meeting_Resources_.26_References"><span class="tocnumber">1.4</span> <span class="toctext">Meeting Resources &amp; References</span></a></li>
          </ul>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>


## Agenda 

- Resource collection template (Marcia)
- System architecture (Stuart Sutton)
- Marketing/Community building (Mike Lauruhn)
- Anyone—other business

## Summary 

Present: Tom Baker, Mike Crandall, Joseph Chapman, Mike Lauruhn, Sam Oh, Stuart Sutton, David Talley, Marcia Zeng

- **Resource collection template** : Marcia has set up a template and database for colleting resources related to linked data. The [input screen](http://metadataetc.org/LD4E.html) <sup id="cite_ref-0" class="reference"><a href="#cite_note-0">[1]</a></sup> and [output screen](http://metadataetc.org/showSavedLD4ERecords.php) <sup id="cite_ref-1" class="reference"><a href="#cite_note-1">[2]</a></sup> are now available for use. Once the resource editor is available (soon), we will migrate this collection into the resource repository and add metadata as necessary to what is currently there. Stuart pointed out that the template does not currently have the learning outcomes associated with the resource, but that can be added to the description field for now. Everyone can use this to add to the collection as they find resources that will be of interest-- very broad sweep for now, anything related to teaching of linked data is fair game. Debbie Maron and another student of Marcia's are collecting syllabi and will input those, which will be useful in developing the competency index. Marcia has linked the input screen to the Linked Data Glossary and the NSDL Learning Object Types to use as entry vocabulary. Stuart will add a link to the LRMI vocabulary as well. Marcia has hired a new RA (Sean Dolan) for the project, who will be working on populating the database, but everyone should be contributing as you find materials that could be of interest.
- **System architecture** : David Talley and Joseph Chapman have been sorting out the pieces we need for the back and front ends of the system, and have a [working document](/archive/mediawiki_wiki/files/Ld4peSystemArchitecture-v0.2.pdf)<sup id="cite_ref-2" class="reference"><a href="#cite_note-2">[3]</a></sup> (still in progress) showing the current thinking on this. David raised the question of search vs. browse as a navigation strategy, which may be resource intensive if against the triple store, so may need a separate index for search if we go that route. Stuart pointed out that we may not need the local triple store in the first diagram, depending on how the triple store interacts with the Exploratorium. In Drawing 2, Stuart pointed out that the Resource Tagging service should live outside the Exploratorium-- it is part of a toolkit that can be used for any triple store that it is pointed at. The Exploratorium will need to provide a link to it but it will be independent. Stuart and Joseph will be opening up an Amazon Web Services account this week to host the system, and begin configuring software. The editors are close to completion and almost ready for use.
- **Marketing/Community building** : Mike Lauruhn is beginning to shape a strategy for our communication needs over the next two years, and will be collecting and posting ideas at on a [wiki page](/archive/mediawiki_wiki/Marketing_and_Community_Building) <sup id="cite_ref-3" class="reference"><a href="#cite_note-3">[4]</a></sup> off the LD4PE site. All are encouraged to contribute ideas or events to the list started already. We will also need to build out a calendar to help focus our communications strategy and make sure that deadlines are not missed for conference submissions.
- **Other business** : Those of you who will be creating and/or contributing learning resources (Sam Oh, Dave Clarke, Margie Hlava, Mike Lauruhn) will need some guidance on what we are looking for, which will depend on fleshing out the Competency Index. Stuart has been working on this, but it would be good to get all of your input and ideas on how to move ahead so that work can begin on fleshing out and filling gaps. As a first step we decided that Joseph will do a demonstration of the system (Doodle poll to follow from Mike), and Stuart will dump the current version of the index so people can see it all in one place.

## Action Items 

- **Resources:** Everyone should start populating the [database](http://metadataetc.org/LD4E.html) <sup id="cite_ref-4" class="reference"><a href="#cite_note-4">[5]</a></sup> Marcia has set up with learning resources or other materials that may help inform our final product.
- **Communication:** All of us should be adding ideas and events to the [wiki page](/archive/mediawiki_wiki/Marketing_and_Community_Building) <sup id="cite_ref-5" class="reference"><a href="#cite_note-5">[6]</a></sup> that Mike Lauruhn has started. Mike will begin working on a milestone calendar to organize these events and activities in relation to the project schedule.
- **Learning Resources** : Mike C will set up a [Doodle poll](http://doodle.com/7sygemb4s2qtiqvn)<sup id="cite_ref-6" class="reference"><a href="#cite_note-6">[7]</a></sup> for a demo of the Competency Index in the next two weeks, Joseph will prepare a demo, and Stuart will dump the current Index and send out to everyone before the demo.

## Meeting Resources & References 

1. ↑ [http://metadataetc.org/LD4E.html](http://metadataetc.org/LD4E.html)
2. ↑ [http://metadataetc.org/showSavedLD4ERecords.php](http://metadataetc.org/showSavedLD4ERecords.php)
3. ↑ [http://wiki.dublincore.org/images/5/5a/Ld4peSystemArchitecture-v0.2.pdf](/archive/mediawiki_wiki/files/Ld4peSystemArchitecture-v0.2.pdf)
4. ↑ [/archive/mediawiki_wiki/Marketing\_and\_Community\_Building](/archive/mediawiki_wiki/Marketing_and_Community_Building)
5. ↑ [http://metadataetc.org/LD4E.html](http://metadataetc.org/LD4E.html)
6. ↑ [/archive/mediawiki_wiki/Marketing\_and\_Community\_Building](/archive/mediawiki_wiki/Marketing_and_Community_Building)
7. ↑ [http://doodle.com/7sygemb4s2qtiqvn](http://doodle.com/7sygemb4s2qtiqvn)

