---
title: '2016-07-19'
date: '2017-09-01T16:21:09+01:00'
description: 
draft: false
creators: []
contributors: []
publisher: 
tags: []
aliases:
- "/archive/mediawiki_wiki/LD4PE_Meeting_Minutes/2016-07-19.html"
---

 **This is an archived MediaWiki page.**  
This page was last modified on 19 July 2016, at 14:40.  
This page has been accessed 504 times.

# 19 July 2016: Meeting Summary 
<table id="toc" class="toc">
  <tr>
    <td>
      <div id="toctitle">
        <h2>Contents</h2>
      </div>
      <ul>
        <li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-1">
          <a href="#19_July_2016:_Meeting_Summary"><span class="tocnumber">1</span> <span class="toctext">19 July 2016: Meeting Summary</span></a>
          <ul>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-2"><a href="#Agenda"><span class="tocnumber">1.1</span> <span class="toctext">Agenda</span></a></li>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-3"><a href="#Summary"><span class="tocnumber">1.2</span> <span class="toctext">Summary</span></a></li>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-4"><a href="#Action_items"><span class="tocnumber">1.3</span> <span class="toctext">Action items</span></a></li>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-5"><a href="#Meeting_Resources_.26_References"><span class="tocnumber">1.4</span> <span class="toctext">Meeting Resources &amp; References</span></a></li>
          </ul>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>


## Agenda 

- Technical Work- Stuart Sutton 
- Resource Collection- Sean Dolan
- Editorial Board- Tom Baker 
- Marketing and Community Building- Mike Lauruhn

## Summary 

Present: Tom Baker, Mike Crandall, Mike Lauruhn, Debbie Maron, Stuart Sutton

- **Technical:**

Joseph has updated the competency index and the topical index and sent the files to Abi who was able to update the website competency index to the latest version. The name and description of the top level node needs editing (that can be done through the admin dashboard if someone wants to do so). She also fixed a couple of bugs in the Saved Sets plugin but unfortunately introduced some new bugs in the process, which she will address after getting back from travels. Stuart notes that about 58 records were missed because of change in topic index, will clean that up. Joseph is also working on setting up a dev instance of the RDF store so that when Marcia's group is ready to test the editing tools, they can test out authoring various records in a sandbox environment. Stuart will reschedule tech overview either next month or in a separate call.

- **Resource Collection:**

Marcia and her RA have done a quick review of the site and documented their initial findings. Next step is to develop some test protocols for use with external reviewers. Mike C, Stuart and Marcia will discuss further this Friday. Once the dev sandbox for the editing tools is ready, that will be used for testing, so that the production site will not be impacted as the editing tools are evaluated.

- **Editorial Board:**

Postponed last call, rescheduled for Friday. Filling in gaps in index, focusing on writing documentation for getting updates based on Github pull request, both technical and general public description. Stuart also working on documentation for the technical aspects of the project.

- **Marketing and Community Building:**

David has submitted a poster for DC2016 focused on the technical design of the LD4PE website. Mike L. notes that someone has posted comments on the Google doc related to provenance data, Tom will check on this.

## Action items 

- Stuart will review new website competency index and add missing nodes
- Joseph will finish setup of dev environment for editing tool testing
- Stuart will let Mike C know when tech demo is ready to go so it can be re-scheduled
- Stuart, Mike, Marcia will meet to discuss testing protocol
- **Next Meeting:** Tuesday, 8/16/16 at 7:00 AM PDT

## Meeting Resources & References 

