---
title: '2013-11-27'
date: '2017-09-01T16:21:09+01:00'
description: 
draft: false
creators: []
contributors: []
publisher: 
tags: []
aliases:
- "/mediawiki_wiki/Exec_Committee/2013-11-27.html"
---

 **This is an archived MediaWiki page.**  
This page was last modified on 28 May 2017, at 12:10.  
This page has been accessed 18,223 times.

[Return to Executive Committee](/mediawiki_wiki/Exec_Committee)

<table id="toc" class="toc">
  <tr>
    <td>
      <div id="toctitle">
        <h2>Contents</h2>
      </div>
      <ul>
        <li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-1"><a href="#Agenda"><span class="tocnumber">1</span> <span class="toctext">Agenda</span></a></li>
        <li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-2"><a href="#Meeting_Summary"><span class="tocnumber">2</span> <span class="toctext">Meeting Summary</span></a></li>
        <li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-3"><a href="#Action_Items"><span class="tocnumber">3</span> <span class="toctext">Action Items</span></a></li>
        <li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-4"><a href="#Meeting_Resources"><span class="tocnumber">4</span> <span class="toctext">Meeting Resources</span></a></li>
      </ul>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<pre> Recorded: Dropbox @ /EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE/Call_Recordings/2013-11-26.mov
</pre>
## Agenda 

(Formatted email text: Mike Crandall on November 22, 2013)

Let’s plan on talking by Skype from 1:00-2:00 PST (3:00-4:00 CDT, 4:00-5:00 EDT) to get this conversation started. Please review the minutes from the OC and AB meeting in Lisbon before then if you can:

1. [http://dublincore.org/archives/reports/oc/](http://dublincore.org/archives/reports/oc/) and 
2. [http://dublincore.org/archives/reports/ab/](http://dublincore.org/archives/reports/ab/). 

We will be starting our discussion from the two slides in the OC deck (attached) that show the outcome of the discussion regarding a new governance structure (slides 6 and 7).

The tentative process for this revision depends on

1. agreement between the AB and OC on the proposed structure (working through this Steering Committee),
2. performing the necessary revisions to the bylaws to reflect the changes
3. formal approval of the changes by the OC

What I hope we can accomplish in this first call is determining what, if any, changes and refinements need to be made to the draft proposal, and identification of individuals who are willing to work on those. I expect that there will be some back and forth between the full AB and its officers and the full OC and its officers before we end up with a final version, but the sooner we can get started on this the better.

## Meeting Summary 

Next meeting is Thursday, December 12, 1:30-2:30 PST, 4:30-5:30 EST. Please mark your calendars…

Summary of DCMI Executive Committee meeting, 27 Nov, 2013

Present: Joseph Busch, Eric Childress, Michael Crandall, Stuart Sutton, Marcia Zeng

This first meeting of the new DCMI Executive Committee focused on the steps needed to complete the reorganization of the governance structure for DCMI started in the Advisory Board (AB) and Oversight Committee (OC) meetings at the annual conference in Lisbon, Portugal (7 Sept, 2013).

We began with an overview of the current budget situation for DCMI. The targets set for individual and organizational membership are severely under expectations, resulting in further cuts to the Managing Director’s contract amount and reinforcing the need to move more responsibility to the membership if the organization is to continue operating.

The organizational structure proposed by the OC (and revised by Eric, Mike and Stuart subsequently), was used as a starting point for discussion, and with some modifications (clarity that the AB and Directorate reports to the OC, that OC members are ex-officio members of the AB), will be used as a working model. We discussed possible committees for the AB, and realized that Joseph and Eric had already done much of the work on this for the AB meeting in Lisbon, so that will be used as a starting point.

**Action 1:** Joseph and Marcia will flesh out the committee structure for the AB, Mike and Eric will do the same for the OC.

Action 2: Mike and Eric will revise the top level of the structure to reflect the comments during the meeting. We will meet again in two weeks (Thursday, December 12, 1:30-2:30 PST, 4:30-5:30 EST) to review this work and finish the structural diagram. This will then be adopted as our working model and taken to the OC and AB for approval in parallel with recruiting efforts for committee chairs.

Once we have the structure defined, we can begin working on revisions to the bylaws and handbook to reflect the changes, with the bylaw revisions ultimately requiring a vote from the OC for adoption.

Action 3: Stuart offered to set up a wiki for the group We have a mailing list (DC-EC@JISCMAIL.AC.UK) which should be used for future communication.

This summary and associated documents will be posted on the wiki.

## Action Items 

1. Marcia and Joseph will flesh out the committee structure for the AB
2. Mike and Eric will flesh out the committee structure for the OC
3. Stuart will set up a wiki for the Committee

## Meeting Resources 

- **Meeting audio recording:** Dropbox /EXECUTIVE\_COMMITTEE/Call\_recordings/2013-11-27.mov
- **Meeting summary email permalink:** [https://www.jiscmail.ac.uk/cgi-bin/webadmin?A2=DC-EC;23ff5f60.1311](https://www.jiscmail.ac.uk/cgi-bin/webadmin?A2=DC-EC;23ff5f60.1311)
- **PowerPoint of restructuring:** Dropbox /EXECUTIVE\_COMMITTEE/Documents-Restructuring/DCMIStructure-published.pptx (NOTE: Uploaded to DC-EC Jiscmail Tools file area)

