---
title: '2013-12-12'
date: '2017-09-01T16:21:09+01:00'
description: 
draft: false
creators: []
contributors: []
publisher: 
tags: []
aliases:
- "/archive/mediawiki_wiki/Exec_Committee/2013-12-12.html"
---

 **This is an archived MediaWiki page.**  
This page was last modified on 28 May 2017, at 12:13.  
This page has been accessed 17,845 times.

[Return to Executive Committee](/archive/mediawiki_wiki/Exec_Committee "Exec Committee")

<table id="toc" class="toc">
  <tr>
    <td>
      <div id="toctitle">
        <h2>Contents</h2>
      </div>
      <ul>
        <li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-1"><a href="#Agenda"><span class="tocnumber">1</span> <span class="toctext">Agenda</span></a></li>
        <li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-2"><a href="#Meeting_Summary"><span class="tocnumber">2</span> <span class="toctext">Meeting Summary</span></a></li>
        <li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-3"><a href="#Action_Items"><span class="tocnumber">3</span> <span class="toctext">Action Items</span></a></li>
        <li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-4"><a href="#Meeting_Resources"><span class="tocnumber">4</span> <span class="toctext">Meeting Resources</span></a></li>
      </ul>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>


## Agenda 

Review of the draft organization diagrams and text descriptions contributed over the past two weeks on this wiki, along with discussion of the changes and determination of next steps.

## Meeting Summary 

Next meeting is Friday, December 20, 10:00-11:00 PST, 1:00-2:00 EST. Please mark your calendarsâ€¦

Summary of DCMI Executive Committee meeting, 12 Dec, 2013

Present: Joseph Busch, Eric Childress, Michael Crandall, Stuart Sutton, Marcia Zeng

We began with a discussion of what steps would be necessary for the proposed changes to be ratified and implemented. While Marcia and Joseph have identified potential candidates for two of the proposed committees, the EC decided that it was premature to explore these roles until the Oversight Committee had approved the draft changes for the organization. Stuart also raised the question of what level of detail would be needed for the OC to provide review and approval. This was not resolved, but the general consensus was that a clear organizational diagram and a brief text description outlining reporting and responsibility should be sufficient. If we can finalize the diagram in our next meeting, there is sufficient text on the wiki and in Eric's table (once it is updated) to provide what is necessary for the OC.

We briefly reviewed Eric's proposal for the OC restructure, and all agreed that it was on target. One change suggested was that the Membership/Bylaws committee should be for all the boards (including the newly proposed Usage Board). This puts director control in the hands of the OC, and provides a clear decision making path for these appointments.

We agreed that the Oversight Committee should be renamed "Board of Directors" or something similar for consistency and clarity (Marcia provided some comments related to this naming after the meeting (see link in resources below).

Discussion around the proposed Advisory Board structure centered on the elevation of the Usage Board to top-level status, separate from the Advisory Board and in a similar reporting structure. Marcia and Joseph conducted a knowledge audit of the committees and task forces to determine activity and production, and used this to develop the committee structures and this proposed change in status. An open question is whether a Standards/Publications committee is still needed in addition to the Usage Board, and after discussion, it was decided that this committee would be renamed something like "Specifications/Documentation" to reflect the activities surrounding application profiles and other activities outside the scope of the Usage Board. This will need to be defined more clearly, but all agreed that the separation makes sense, with the Usage Board focusing on formal standards maintenance and architectural direction.

If this change is accepted, we will need to consider adding either Kai or Tom to the Executive Committee for further discussion at a later date.

## Action Items 

- **Action 1:** Stuart will integrate and update the two proposed organization charts and upload a combined version to the wiki. (completed- see link below in meeting resources)

- **Action 2:** We will meet again next week (Friday, December 20, 10:00-11:00 PST, 1:00-2:00 EST) to review this work. Assuming agreement, Eric and Mike will then take this to the OC for review and approval, with the intent of beginning to put the new structure in place early in the new year.

## Meeting Resources 

- **Meeting audio recording:** Dropbox /EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE/Call\_Recordings/2013-12-12.mov
- **Marcia's comments on renaming OC** [https://www.jiscmail.ac.uk/cgi-bin/webadmin?A2=dc-ec;6b6cfc65.1312](https://www.jiscmail.ac.uk/cgi-bin/webadmin?A2=dc-ec;6b6cfc65.1312)
- **Combined and Revised org chart** [/archive/mediawiki_wiki/Exec\_Committee#Current\_Draft\_Organizational\_Chart](/archive/mediawiki_wiki/Exec_Committee#Current_Draft_Organizational_Chart)

