---
title: '2014-06-11'
date: '2017-09-01T16:21:09+01:00'
description: 
draft: false
creators: []
contributors: []
publisher: 
tags: []
aliases:
- "/archive/mediawiki_wiki/Exec_Committee/2014-06-11.html"
---

 **This is an archived MediaWiki page.**  
This page was last modified on 28 May 2017, at 12:36.  
This page has been accessed 226 times.

* * *

##### [Handbook](/archive/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Handbook "DCMI Handbook"): [Table of Contents](/archive/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Handbook/ "DCMI Handbook") 
<dl>
<dd> ► <i><a href="/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Governing_Board.md" title="DCMI Governing Board">Governing Board</a> committees:</i> <a href="/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Governing_Board/finance.md" title="DCMI Governing Board/finance">Membership &amp; Finance</a> ◘ <a href="/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Governing_Board/nominations.md" title="DCMI Governing Board/nominations">Nominations &amp; Bylaws</a> 
</dd>
<dd> ► <i><a href="/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Technical_Board.md" title="DCMI Technical Board">Technical Board</a> committees:</i> <a href="/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Technical_Board/usage.md" title="DCMI Technical Board/usage">Usage</a> ◘ <a href="/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Technical_Board/standards.md" title="DCMI Technical Board/standards">Standards &amp; Liaisons</a> ◘ <a href="/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Technical_Board/specifications.md" title="DCMI Technical Board/specifications">Community Specifications</a> ◘ <a href="/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Technical_Board/infrastructure.md" title="DCMI Technical Board/infrastructure">Infrastructure Advisory Committee (IAC)</a>
</dd>
<dd> ► <i><a href="/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Advisory_Board.md" title="DCMI Advisory Board">Advisory Board</a> committees:</i> <a href="/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Advisory_Board/meetings.md" title="DCMI Advisory Board/meetings">Conferences &amp; Meetings</a> ◘ <a href="/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Advisory_Board/documentation.md" title="DCMI Advisory Board/documentation">Education &amp; Outreach</a>
</dd>
<dd> ► <i>Management:</i> <a href="/mediawiki_wiki/Exec_Committee.md" title="Exec Committee">Executive</a> ◘ <a href="/mediawiki_wiki/Exec_Committee/directorate.md" title="Exec Committee/directorate">Directorate</a>
</dd>
</dl>

* * *

# 11 June 2014: Meeting Summary 
<table id="toc" class="toc">
  <tr>
    <td>
      <div id="toctitle">
        <h2>Contents</h2>
      </div>
      <ul>
        <li class="toclevel-1"><a href="#Handbook:_Table_of_Contents"><span class="tocnumber">1</span> <span class="toctext">Handbook: Table of Contents</span></a></li>
        <li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-1">
          <a href="#11_June_2014:_Meeting_Summary"><span class="tocnumber">2</span> <span class="toctext">11 June 2014: Meeting Summary</span></a>
          <ul>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-2"><a href="#Agenda"><span class="tocnumber">2.1</span> <span class="toctext">Agenda</span></a></li>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-3"><a href="#Summary"><span class="tocnumber">2.2</span> <span class="toctext">Summary</span></a></li>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-4"><a href="#Action_Items"><span class="tocnumber">2.3</span> <span class="toctext">Action Items</span></a></li>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-5"><a href="#Meeting_Resources_.26_References"><span class="tocnumber">2.4</span> <span class="toctext">Meeting Resources &amp; References</span></a></li>
          </ul>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<pre> Recorded: Recording and Slides available in the <a href="https://meetings.webex.com/collabs/#/meetings/detail?uuid=I71HWC8AQNQVM6JYEKGEOOYRFA-JV0D&amp;rnd=301761.35541" class="external text" rel="nofollow">WebEx meeting room</a>
</pre>
## Agenda 

1. Update from Technical Board chair - Kai/Valentine
2. Update from Advisory Board chair- Marcia
3. Update from Nominations and Bylaws committee- Mike
4. Update from Finance and Membership committee- Eric
5. Conference/Annual Meeting planning update- Stuart
6. June message from the chair— Mike
7. New business

## Summary 

Present: Tom Baker, Joseph Busch, Valentine Charles, Eric Childress, Michael Crandall, Stuart Sutton, Marcia Zeng

1. **Technical Board:** The RDF AP is moving ahead with their work, meeting regularly, and working on a workshop for the conference. The Community Specifications Committee is formalizing procedures. 
2. **Advisory Board:** The Steering Committee will be meeting tomorrow. Membership on the AB is still under discussion. Hoping for further guidance from the Governing Board that will apply across all boards; will discuss at the annual meeting. Committee chairs will decide the membership process for their own work. Recruiting for new members/chairs will ramp up at the annual meeting. Stuart raised the question of whether new DCMI officers should automatically be added to the AB maillist; the Steering Committee will discuss in their meeting tomorrow. The Education and Outreach committee is moving ahead with their planning, and would like any feedback on their current document (see actions below). The Conference and Meetings committee is continuing to discuss charter and how we might work with ASIST on webinars. Tom suggested that there may be other webinar collaborations that could be explored also.
3. **Nomination and Bylaws Committee:** The committee met just before the EC this morning, and approved forwarding the nomination of Paul Walk as a new independent GB member and the nomination of Joe Tennis as Chair-Elect for next year. Mike will move ahead with these recommendations and if approved, call for a vote on the positions. Once this is done, the committee will begin working on bylaw revisions for review and approval at the annual meeting.
4. **Membership and Finance Committee:** Eric is still working on getting this committee off the ground, but will schedule a meeting in the coming weeks.
5. **Conference/Annual Meeting update:** Stuart needs to finalize registration fees today, and asked for feedback on the current version (see actions below). We have a good pool of submissions for papers, project reports and posters, need more tutorials and special sessions. No communities or task groups have asked for slots to date. Eric Miller will keynote, and the conference sessions on Thursday and Friday will be available online (synchronous and recorded) for those that want to attend remotely.
6. **Message from the Chair:** A draft message was circulated earlier and comments incorporated into the version now on the staging server. If you have comments or suggestions, please send to the list (see actions below).
7. **New Business:** The [ISKO/DC meeting](http://www.iskouk.org/events/metadata_June_2014.htm) will be on June 23rd, and the Shanghai regional meeting on June 20th. Marcia will work with Stuart to get publicity out on the Shanghai meeting.

## Action Items 

- **Process for adding new members to AB list:** Marcia will discuss this with the Advisory Board. Contingent on membership policy for the Board, so may need fuller discussion face to face in the Annual meeting.
- **Education and Outreach feedback:** The Education and Outreach committee would like feedback on their [planning document](https://www.dropbox.com/s/qo8170q3mz2zjds/Edu-OutreachObjectivesV5.docx)<sup id="cite_ref-0" class="reference"><a href="#cite_note-0">[1]</a></sup>. Send comments to [DC-EOC.JISCMAIL.AC.UK](mailto:DC-EOC.JISCMAIL.AC.UK).
- **Conference Registration fees:** Stuart asks all to review the draft [fee structure](http://dcevents.dublincore.org/IntConf/index/pages/view/TEMP)<sup id="cite_ref-1" class="reference"><a href="#cite_note-1">[2]</a></sup> for the conference today if possible. 
- **Approval of Annual Meeting Schedule:** All will review the last draft of the [Board/Committee schedule](https://www.dropbox.com/s/72k7ynzj2e31jub/DC%202014%20-%20admin%20day.xlsx)<sup id="cite_ref-2" class="reference"><a href="#cite_note-2">[3]</a></sup> for Saturday's administrative meetings at the Annual Meeting and get feedback to Stuart asap so he can finalize the program.
- **Message from the Chair:** All review the June [Chair Message](http://dublincore.org/news/chairMessage/)<sup id="cite_ref-3" class="reference"><a href="#cite_note-3">[4]</a></sup>. If you have comments or suggestions, please send to the list.
- **Discussion of communities/task groups:** Mike will add this to our next agenda for further discussion.
- **Regional Meetings:** Marcia and Stuart will follow up on publicity for the Shanghai regional meeting.
- **Add Valentine to DropBox:** Stuart will add Valentine to the DropBox so she has access to documents there.

## Meeting Resources & References 

1. ↑ [https://www.dropbox.com/s/qo8170q3mz2zjds/Edu-OutreachObjectivesV5.docx](https://www.dropbox.com/s/qo8170q3mz2zjds/Edu-OutreachObjectivesV5.docx)
2. ↑ [http://dcevents.dublincore.org/IntConf/index/pages/view/TEMP](http://dcevents.dublincore.org/IntConf/index/pages/view/TEMP)
3. ↑ [https://www.dropbox.com/s/72k7ynzj2e31jub/DC%202014%20-%20admin%20day.xlsx](https://www.dropbox.com/s/72k7ynzj2e31jub/DC%202014%20-%20admin%20day.xlsx)
4. ↑ [http://dublincore.org/news/chairMessage/](http://dublincore.org/news/chairMessage/)

