---
title: '2014-09-10'
date: '2017-09-01T16:21:09+01:00'
description: 
draft: false
creators: []
contributors: []
publisher: 
tags: []
aliases:
- "/mediawiki_wiki/Exec_Committee/2014-09-10.html"
---

 **This is an archived MediaWiki page.**  
This page was last modified on 28 May 2017, at 12:45.  
This page has been accessed 285 times.

* * *

##### [Handbook](/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Handbook): [Table of Contents](/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Handbook/) 
<dl>
<dd> ► <i><a href="/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Governing_Board.md" title="DCMI Governing Board">Governing Board</a> committees:</i> <a href="/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Governing_Board/finance.md" title="DCMI Governing Board/finance">Membership &amp; Finance</a> ◘ <a href="/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Governing_Board/nominations.md" title="DCMI Governing Board/nominations">Nominations &amp; Bylaws</a> 
</dd>
<dd> ► <i><a href="/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Technical_Board.md" title="DCMI Technical Board">Technical Board</a> committees:</i> <a href="/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Technical_Board/usage.md" title="DCMI Technical Board/usage">Usage</a> ◘ <a href="/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Technical_Board/standards.md" title="DCMI Technical Board/standards">Standards &amp; Liaisons</a> ◘ <a href="/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Technical_Board/specifications.md" title="DCMI Technical Board/specifications">Community Specifications</a> ◘ <a href="/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Technical_Board/infrastructure.md" title="DCMI Technical Board/infrastructure">Infrastructure Advisory Committee (IAC)</a>
</dd>
<dd> ► <i><a href="/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Advisory_Board.md" title="DCMI Advisory Board">Advisory Board</a> committees:</i> <a href="/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Advisory_Board/meetings.md" title="DCMI Advisory Board/meetings">Conferences &amp; Meetings</a> ◘ <a href="/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Advisory_Board/documentation.md" title="DCMI Advisory Board/documentation">Education &amp; Outreach</a>
</dd>
<dd> ► <i>Management:</i> <a href="/mediawiki_wiki/Exec_Committee.md" title="Exec Committee">Executive</a> ◘ <a href="/mediawiki_wiki/Exec_Committee/directorate.md" title="Exec Committee/directorate">Directorate</a>
</dd>
</dl>

* * *

# 10 September 2014: Meeting Summary 
<table id="toc" class="toc">
  <tr>
    <td>
      <div id="toctitle">
        <h2>Contents</h2>
      </div>
      <ul>
        <li class="toclevel-1"><a href="#Handbook:_Table_of_Contents"><span class="tocnumber">1</span> <span class="toctext">Handbook: Table of Contents</span></a></li>
        <li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-1">
          <a href="#10_September_2014:_Meeting_Summary"><span class="tocnumber">2</span> <span class="toctext">10 September 2014: Meeting Summary</span></a>
          <ul>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-2"><a href="#Agenda"><span class="tocnumber">2.1</span> <span class="toctext">Agenda</span></a></li>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-3"><a href="#Summary"><span class="tocnumber">2.2</span> <span class="toctext">Summary</span></a></li>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-4"><a href="#Action_Items"><span class="tocnumber">2.3</span> <span class="toctext">Action Items</span></a></li>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-5"><a href="#Meeting_Resources_.26_References"><span class="tocnumber">2.4</span> <span class="toctext">Meeting Resources &amp; References</span></a></li>
          </ul>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>


## Agenda 

1. Update from Technical Board chairs (Kai/Valentine)
2. Update from Advisory Board chair (Joseph)
3. Update from Nominations and Bylaws committee (Mike)
4. Update from Finance and Membership committee (Eric)
5. Conference and Meetings planning update (Stuart)
6. September message from the chair (Mike)
7. New business- All

## Summary 

Present: Joseph Busch, Valentine Charles, Eric Childress, Michael Crandall, Kai Eckert, Stuart Sutton

1. **Technical Board:** Kai reviewed the approach for publishing working and final drafts of committee work, with working documents posted on the wiki page of the group and final copy on the DCMI website. Stuart confirmed that this is in accord with the long-standing page persistence policy of DCMI for supported products, and agreed that the process makes sense. Kai will let the RDF/AP task group know to follow this method and work to include this in process documents for other work groups coming out of the TB in the future. In thinking of agenda items for the Annual Meeting of the TB in Austin, this process will be part of a larger discussion about the allocation of responsibility among the TB committees and task groups. Kai asked for a list of current technical assets now supported by DCMI as a starting point for this discussion and Stuart will pull this together before the meeting. The TB will also need to discuss membership criteria and structure of the board and committees to finalize that for the coming year. Stuart reviewed the imminent addition of the LRMI specification to DCMI's assets and the transfer of ownership from AAP/AEP. This will be managed by a task group under the CSC. AEP will likely join DCMI as an Institutional Member and take a seat on the GB. This is confidential for now but hopefully will be publicly announced at the conference in Austin.
2. **Advisory Board:** Webinar planning is still in progress, probably won't be completed until the AM gathering. Keven has been organizing conference souvenirs from the Education and Outreach Committee to encourage participation and recognition. Joseph and Marcia have been doing planning for the AM through individual outreach, polling and direct email to existing AB members to gauge likely participation. They will follow up individually with those who cannot attend to get their input offline, and work this into the discussion at the AM. Stuart and Joseph will also look at the registration names to see if there are additional members who might be contacted. The agenda for the AM will be discussed in the AB conference call on Thursday, but will focus on membership and scope primarily.
3. **Nomination and Bylaws Committee:** Draft bylaws are complete and available for review in the [dropbox](https://www.dropbox.com/home/NBC_Shared)<sup id="cite_ref-0" class="reference"><a href="#cite_note-0">[1]</a></sup>. They are very high level to allow for flexibility in developing details and rapid response to changes, but reflect the current structure and governance of the organization so that we formalize the changes made over the past year. Much work left to be done on the details of process and procedure, which will need to be worked on in the Handbook over the coming year as details are hammered out in the various boards and committees. If you have comments or suggestions please pass on to Mike.
4. **Membership and Finance Committee:** Review of past year's budget and planning for next year has been delayed because of conference planning, but will be undertaken in the coming weeks. A report will be provided to the Governing Board, with recommendations and items for discussion when complete.
5. **Conference and Meetings update:** Registration is low for the conference, at risk of penalty from not filling room block as well as undershooting budget target. This is an issue that needs to be addressed in the Conference and Meetings Committee since the financial model currently being used for the conference is unsustainable. Hoping to bring numbers up to a better level in coming days, but right now, things are not looking positive financially. The program itself, however is shaping up beautifully and will be an excellent meeting. Discussion of the Brazil planning was postponed to a later date. Mike, Eric and Stuart need to discuss how to manage the chair transition at the AM.
6. **Message from the Chair:** Since the August message was posted late, no September message will be posted. 
7. **New Business:** Eric asked everyone to sign into [Lanyrd](http://lanyrd.com/2014/international-conference-on-dublin-core-and-meta-2/Lanyrd)<sup id="cite_ref-1" class="reference"><a href="#cite_note-1">[2]</a></sup> and join the DCMI group to help publicize the meeting. Stuart asked everyone to promote through lists that they have not seen it on and let him know so he can add the lists to DC Announce. Valentine suggested DPLA- Stuart will follow up on this.

## Action Items 

- **Technical Board Annual Meeting:** Stuart will pull together list of DCMI assets and post on wiki for Kai to use in discussion at AM.
- **Outreach to AB members:** Stuart and Joseph will review registration list to see if there are other AB members attending who can be contacted for the AM.
- **Review draft bylaws:** Please send any comments to Mike on the [draft bylaws](https://www.dropbox.com/home/NBC_Shared) <sup id="cite_ref-2" class="reference"><a href="#cite_note-2">[3]</a></sup> in the next week.
- **Move bylaws to accessible spot for GB review:** Stuart and Mike will move the bylaws to a spot more suitable for review by the GB next week.
- **Chair transition:** Eric and Mike need to discuss transition plan with Stuart for AM.
- **Help spread the word on DC-2014:** Pass on the announcement to any lists you think might be interested (and let Stuart know if you do). Join the conference group on Lanyrd if you haven't already.

## Meeting Resources & References 

1. ↑ [https://www.dropbox.com/home/NBC\_Shared](https://www.dropbox.com/home/NBC_Shared)
2. ↑ [http://lanyrd.com/2014/international-conference-on-dublin-core-and-meta-2/](http://lanyrd.com/2014/international-conference-on-dublin-core-and-meta-2/)
3. ↑ [https://www.dropbox.com/home/NBC\_Shared](https://www.dropbox.com/home/NBC_Shared)

