---
title: '2014-01-22'
date: '2017-09-01T16:21:09+01:00'
description: 
draft: false
creators: []
contributors: []
publisher: 
tags: []
aliases:
- "/archive/mediawiki_wiki/Exec_Committee/2014-01-22.html"
---

 **This is an archived MediaWiki page.**  
This page was last modified on 28 May 2017, at 12:20.  
This page has been accessed 385 times.

[Return to Executive Committee](/archive/mediawiki_wiki/Exec_Committee "Exec Committee")

<table id="toc" class="toc">
  <tr>
    <td>
      <div id="toctitle">
        <h2>Contents</h2>
      </div>
      <ul>
        <li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-1"><a href="#Agenda"><span class="tocnumber">1</span> <span class="toctext">Agenda</span></a></li>
        <li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-2"><a href="#Meeting_Summary"><span class="tocnumber">2</span> <span class="toctext">Meeting Summary</span></a></li>
        <li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-3"><a href="#Action_Items"><span class="tocnumber">3</span> <span class="toctext">Action Items</span></a></li>
        <li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-4"><a href="#Meeting_Resources"><span class="tocnumber">4</span> <span class="toctext">Meeting Resources</span></a></li>
      </ul>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<pre> Recorded: Dropbox @ /EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE/Call_Recordings/2014-01-22.mov
</pre>
## Agenda 

- Managing visibility of materials for public/private viewing on governance wiki pages
- Communication of restructuring to Advisory Board membership
- Next steps for board officers

## Meeting Summary 

Summary of DCMI Executive Committee meeting, 22 Jan, 2014

Present: Joseph Busch, Eric Childress, Michael Crandall, Stuart Sutton, Marcia Zeng, Tom Baker

- **Governance wiki page management:** With communication channels broadening, we need to be conscious of what material should be publicly viewable and referenceable, and what should be kept private for ongoing discussion among the EC and various boards. After some discussion, it appears that we can protect access to individual wiki pages through inclusion of header information that specifies a group with viewing permission. Stuart is in the process of moving content into a restructured format that will provide separate pages for each board as well as committees under that board, and the access controls will be applied to any pages that need protection. Instructions on how to do this are in Stuart's email to the DC-EC maillist on Thursday, 23 Jan: [https://www.jiscmail.ac.uk/cgi-bin/webadmin?A2=ind1401&L=dc-ec&F=&S=&X=007D4F4CCBA32FA6BC&Y=mikecran%40uw.edu&P=14005](https://www.jiscmail.ac.uk/cgi-bin/webadmin?A2=ind1401&L=dc-ec&F=&S=&X=007D4F4CCBA32FA6BC&Y=mikecran%40uw.edu&P=14005). Care will need to be taken as we create more content to put it in one place and use links to that original rather than replicating, so that we don't end up with multiple versions of the same content in several places. The wiki should be considered a working space, with final content that is meant to be archival record rolled to the DCMI website in the appropriate place.

- **Communication to Advisory Board:** We discussed the best way to communicate the changes in the overall governance structure to the Advisory Board (and Usage Board) members, and decided that Mike, as the Chair of the Governing Board and spokesperson for the Initiative in the new member-driven model we are instituting, should send out a brief note to the AB and UB, describing the changes we have agreed on, and indicating that Marcia and Tom will be following up with their respective members on next steps. We will wait until the wiki pages have been restructured and all have had a chance to review and update content before doing so, since we'll have to point people to those pages for more detailed information. 

- **Next Steps:** Stuart is working on restructuring the wiki pages, as noted above and will have them done by next week. Marcia, Joseph, Mike, Eric and Tom will then review their content and make sure that any confidential information is hidden, and revise anything that needs further development. For Tom, that means creating new content for the Usage Board page, identifying task groups that may be needed and setting up pages for them, and clarifying with Marcia and Joseph the relationship of the Community Specifications Committee with the UB. We will reconvene by Skype on 7 Feb at 2:00 PM PST (5:00PM EST) to review the message Mike will send, the content on the revised pages, and discuss the follow up emails Tom and Marcia will send once Mike has done the initial communication. After a suitable discussion period, Marcia and Joseph will begin recruiting chairs for the standing committees on the Advisory Board, as will Eric and Mike for the Governing Board and Tom for any task groups identified for the Usage Board.

## Action Items 

- **Action 1:** Stuart to revise wiki structure and move content into new pages by next week.

- **Action 2:** All will review revised content before our call on 7 Feb to ensure it is accurate and complete, and any confidential information is on protected pages.

- **Action 3:** Mike to draft message to AB/UB for communication of restructuring and get to EC for review next week. See simplified org chart in meeting resources below for suggested view to include with this message.

- **Action 4:** Marcia and Tom will draft a message to the AB/UB to follow up on Mike's email with specific asks from the membership of each board.

- **Action 5:** All will reconvene by Skype on 7 Feb at 2:00 PM PST (5:00PM EST) for review and confirmation that we are ready to go with the announcement.

## Meeting Resources 

- **Simplified org chart for distribution to AB:** [/archive/mediawiki_wiki/File:Org\_Chart-v6-Minimal.png](/archive/mediawiki_wiki/files/Org_Chart-v6-Minimal.png)

