---
title: '2014-08-13'
date: '2017-09-01T16:21:09+01:00'
description: 
draft: false
creators: []
contributors: []
publisher: 
tags: []
aliases:
- "/archive/mediawiki_wiki/Exec_Committee/2014-08-13.html"
---

 **This is an archived MediaWiki page.**  
This page was last modified on 28 May 2017, at 12:39.  
This page has been accessed 178 times.

* * *

##### [Handbook](/archive/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Handbook "DCMI Handbook"): [Table of Contents](/archive/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Handbook/ "DCMI Handbook") 
<dl>
<dd> ► <i><a href="/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Governing_Board.md" title="DCMI Governing Board">Governing Board</a> committees:</i> <a href="/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Governing_Board/finance.md" title="DCMI Governing Board/finance">Membership &amp; Finance</a> ◘ <a href="/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Governing_Board/nominations.md" title="DCMI Governing Board/nominations">Nominations &amp; Bylaws</a> 
</dd>
<dd> ► <i><a href="/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Technical_Board.md" title="DCMI Technical Board">Technical Board</a> committees:</i> <a href="/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Technical_Board/usage.md" title="DCMI Technical Board/usage">Usage</a> ◘ <a href="/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Technical_Board/standards.md" title="DCMI Technical Board/standards">Standards &amp; Liaisons</a> ◘ <a href="/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Technical_Board/specifications.md" title="DCMI Technical Board/specifications">Community Specifications</a> ◘ <a href="/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Technical_Board/infrastructure.md" title="DCMI Technical Board/infrastructure">Infrastructure Advisory Committee (IAC)</a>
</dd>
<dd> ► <i><a href="/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Advisory_Board.md" title="DCMI Advisory Board">Advisory Board</a> committees:</i> <a href="/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Advisory_Board/meetings.md" title="DCMI Advisory Board/meetings">Conferences &amp; Meetings</a> ◘ <a href="/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Advisory_Board/documentation.md" title="DCMI Advisory Board/documentation">Education &amp; Outreach</a>
</dd>
<dd> ► <i>Management:</i> <a href="/mediawiki_wiki/Exec_Committee.md" title="Exec Committee">Executive</a> ◘ <a href="/mediawiki_wiki/Exec_Committee/directorate.md" title="Exec Committee/directorate">Directorate</a>
</dd>
</dl>

* * *

# 13 August 2014: Meeting Summary 
<table id="toc" class="toc">
  <tr>
    <td>
      <div id="toctitle">
        <h2>Contents</h2>
      </div>
      <ul>
        <li class="toclevel-1"><a href="#Handbook:_Table_of_Contents"><span class="tocnumber">1</span> <span class="toctext">Handbook: Table of Contents</span></a></li>
        <li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-1">
          <a href="#13_August_2014:_Meeting_Summary"><span class="tocnumber">2</span> <span class="toctext">13 August 2014: Meeting Summary</span></a>
          <ul>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-2"><a href="#Agenda"><span class="tocnumber">2.1</span> <span class="toctext">Agenda</span></a></li>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-3"><a href="#Summary"><span class="tocnumber">2.2</span> <span class="toctext">Summary</span></a></li>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-4"><a href="#Action_Items"><span class="tocnumber">2.3</span> <span class="toctext">Action Items</span></a></li>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-5"><a href="#Meeting_Resources_.26_References"><span class="tocnumber">2.4</span> <span class="toctext">Meeting Resources &amp; References</span></a></li>
          </ul>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>


## Agenda 

1. Update from Technical Board chairs (Kai/Valentine)
2. Update from Advisory Board chair (Marcia)
3. Update from Nominations and Bylaws committee (Mike)
4. Update from Finance and Membership committee (Eric)
5. Conference and Meetings planning update (Stuart)
6. August message from the chair (Mike)
7. New business- All

## Summary 

Present: Tom Baker, Joseph Busch, Eric Childress, Michael Crandall, Kai Eckert, Stuart Sutton, Marcia Zeng

1. **Technical Board:** Kai and Valentine are preparing for the TB meeting in Austin. One topic that will be of importance is defining the roles of the UC and CSE. Kai brought up an ongoing conversation about research/exploration vs. standardization, which may be applicable in thinking about process and result in these two committees. The plan is to start discussion on the mail list before the meeting so that there is background to start with. Stuart brought up another item that should be discussed-- criteria for membership on the Technical Board; are others beyond committee chairs and TB officers needed or wanted for their expertise? If others have ideas for TB agenda items for the AM, please send to Kai.
2. **Advisory Board:** The Education and Outreach committee (EOC) is planning to do a survey for webinar topics. Stuart emphasized that we need topics and presenters now, so targeted outreach might be needed in the near term until the survey is completed. He has already had to cancel two of the webinars. The Conference and Meetings committee (CMC) has a number of new members, none have been added to the EOC yet. The CMC needs to schedule a meeting to begin planning for the 2015 Brazil conference soon. Keven Liu will be bringing souvenirs to the Austin meeting and would like ideas if anyone has any. Membership in the AB will be an item for discussion in the Annual Meeting, both addition and maintenance. A proposal for recognition of contributors is being developed. The task force on Publication Futures has not had anyone step forward to support- may need to appoint a chair to take this on, or discuss at AM to see if it is in fact something that members want to do. The Communities and Task Groups have not responded to Stuart's request for meeting space in the AM, and it may be helpful for Marcia to follow up with the chairs to see if there is a better way to support their efforts. Might be worth discussion at the AM in the AB meeting. Stuart also noted that the current Bylaws do not require any reporting, and this should be looked at in the revision based on outcomes of the AM discussions. It may be that the need for this kind of work is past, with wider development of APs happening in the workplace already.
3. **Nomination and Bylaws Committee:** Next item of work for the committee is bylaws revision. the committee will meet on August 20 to start that process. 
4. **Membership and Finance Committee:** Review of past year's budget and planning for next year has been delayed because of conference planning, but will be undertaken in the coming weeks. A report will be provided to the Governing Board, with recommendations and items for discussion when complete.
5. **Conference and Meetings update:** The peer-reviewed program is set, and of good quality. The special sessions all have co-sponsors to help with promotion and visibility. Good uptake on the Best Practices track is evidence that this is filling an unmet need, and we may want to expand in the future. There are 8 sponsors so far for the NextGen initiative, more welcome. We only have 2 paying sponsors so far, thanks to efforts of Joseph and Kai. Others are needed!! Planning for DC-2015 should be happening now, including analysis of risks because of the location, and recruitment of committee chairs. ASIST has settled on Copenhagen for their 2016 meeting, which will be co-located with DCMI-2016-- they will handle all local planning, but Stuart is having to make decisions on number of days and resources now since they are beginning to set the schedule. Stuart also noted that if we are going to continue to co-locate with ASIST, we will have to make that decision soon, since they are already starting their 2017 planning.
6. **Message from the Chair:** Kai indicated that a charter is close for the RDF Shape W3C group, which will mention DCMI as a partner, but that is not ready yet and should be confirmed before announcing. He will let Mike know if this occurs in the next two weeks. Other ideas are welcome.
7. **New Business:** Stuart raised the issue of backup for OCS/OJS, since he is the only one who knows how to use the systems. He suggested finding someone to shadow him next year. This is probably the tip of the iceberg, since all of DCMI's systems need backup people, so something for the Governing Board to discuss. Another item for the Governing Board to discuss is development of a policy on relationships with other organizations such as ASIST/NISO/Europeana to facilitate joint webinars/initiatives/meetings. 

## Action Items 

- **Technical Board Annual Meeting:** Send ideas to Kai for agenda items.
- **Webinar Speaker recruitment:** The Education and Outreach Committee should be doing targeted recruitment of webinar speakers to avoid further cancellations.
- **Help recruit sponsors for DC-2014:** If you have contacts who might be willing to financially sponsor the meeting, let Stuart know, or get a commitment yourself. We need more assistance to make sure we meet our fiscal targets.
- **Book your hotel now for AM:** The city will be busy with attendees at the music festival, so if you haven't yet booked, do so quickly to ensure accommodations.
- **Future Conference Planning:** The Finance and Membership Committee will need to speed up their financial analysis of conference options in order to meet deadlines for 2017 decisions.
- **Message from the Chair:** If you have comments or suggestions for content to be included in the August message, please send to the list by August 25th.
- **DCMI System Backup:** The Governing Board should discuss ways to manage backup for DCMI systems, in light of the reduced Directorate Staff.

## Meeting Resources & References 

