---
title: '2014-07-09'
date: '2017-09-01T16:21:09+01:00'
description: 
draft: false
creators: []
contributors: []
publisher: 
tags: []
aliases:
- "/archive/mediawiki_wiki/Exec_Committee/2014-07-09.html"
---

 **This is an archived MediaWiki page.**  
This page was last modified on 28 May 2017, at 12:38.  
This page has been accessed 186 times.

* * *

##### [Handbook](/archive/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Handbook "DCMI Handbook"): [Table of Contents](/archive/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Handbook/ "DCMI Handbook") 
<dl>
<dd> ► <i><a href="/archive/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Governing_Board" title="DCMI Governing Board">Governing Board</a> committees:</i> <a href="/archive/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Governing_Board/finance" title="DCMI Governing Board/finance">Membership &amp; Finance</a> ◘ <a href="/archive/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Governing_Board/nominations" title="DCMI Governing Board/nominations">Nominations &amp; Bylaws</a> 
</dd>
<dd> ► <i><a href="/archive/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Technical_Board" title="DCMI Technical Board">Technical Board</a> committees:</i> <a href="/archive/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Technical_Board/usage" title="DCMI Technical Board/usage">Usage</a> ◘ <a href="/archive/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Technical_Board/standards" title="DCMI Technical Board/standards">Standards &amp; Liaisons</a> ◘ <a href="/archive/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Technical_Board/specifications" title="DCMI Technical Board/specifications">Community Specifications</a> ◘ <a href="/archive/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Technical_Board/infrastructure" title="DCMI Technical Board/infrastructure">Infrastructure Advisory Committee (IAC)</a>
</dd>
<dd> ► <i><a href="/archive/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Advisory_Board" title="DCMI Advisory Board">Advisory Board</a> committees:</i> <a href="/archive/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Advisory_Board/meetings" title="DCMI Advisory Board/meetings">Conferences &amp; Meetings</a> ◘ <a href="/archive/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Advisory_Board/documentation" title="DCMI Advisory Board/documentation">Education &amp; Outreach</a>
</dd>
<dd> ► <i>Management:</i> <a href="/archive/mediawiki_wiki/Exec_Committee" title="Exec Committee">Executive</a> ◘ <a href="/archive/mediawiki_wiki/Exec_Committee/directorate" title="Exec Committee/directorate">Directorate</a>
</dd>
</dl>

* * *

# 9 July 2014: Meeting Summary 
<table id="toc" class="toc">
  <tr>
    <td>
      <div id="toctitle">
        <h2>Contents</h2>
      </div>
      <ul>
        <li class="toclevel-1"><a href="#Handbook:_Table_of_Contents"><span class="tocnumber">1</span> <span class="toctext">Handbook: Table of Contents</span></a></li>
        <li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-1">
          <a href="#9_July_2014:_Meeting_Summary"><span class="tocnumber">2</span> <span class="toctext">9 July 2014: Meeting Summary</span></a>
          <ul>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-2"><a href="#Agenda"><span class="tocnumber">2.1</span> <span class="toctext">Agenda</span></a></li>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-3"><a href="#Summary"><span class="tocnumber">2.2</span> <span class="toctext">Summary</span></a></li>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-4"><a href="#Action_Items"><span class="tocnumber">2.3</span> <span class="toctext">Action Items</span></a></li>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-5"><a href="#Meeting_Resources_.26_References"><span class="tocnumber">2.4</span> <span class="toctext">Meeting Resources &amp; References</span></a></li>
          </ul>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<pre> Recorded: Recording and Slides available in the <a href="https://meetings.webex.com/collabs/#/meetings/detail?uuid=I6LW6C31LU6P157SRET46BK99P-JV0D" class="external text" rel="nofollow">WebEx meeting room</a>
</pre>
## Agenda 

1. Update from Technical Board chairs (Kai/Valentine)
2. Update from Advisory Board chair (Marcia)
3. Update from Nominations and Bylaws committee (Mike)
4. Update from Finance and Membership committee (Eric)
5. Annual Meeting schedule (Mike)
6. Conference planning update (Stuart)
7. July message from the chair (Mike)
8. New business- All

## Summary 

Present: Tom Baker, Joseph Busch, Valentine Charles, Eric Childress, Michael Crandall, Stuart Sutton, Marcia Zeng

1. **Technical Board:** The RDF AP is continuing their work. The AP they are developing along with the NKOS Community specification will be used as case studies for the Community Specifications Committee review process. Relations between the Usage Committee and the Community Specifications Committee are waiting for clarification of the CSC role. The CSC is meeting every two weeks to work on this.
2. **Advisory Board:** The Steering Committee will be meeting tomorrow. We discussed the AB leadership taking the primary role in determining membership, and the processes governing the maintenance of the member list. Marcia and Joseph will discuss this with the Steering Committee. The Education and Outreach committee would like any feedback on their current document (see actions below). A new task force to explore the future of DCMI publications is being discussed.
3. **Nomination and Bylaws Committee:** The Governing Board voted yes on nomination and election of both Joseph Tennis for Chair-Elect and Paul Walk as a new Independent Member. Both will assume their new roles in October at the Annual Meeting and Conference. The Governing Board is also being asked to vote on establishing clear term ends for the Independent Members, which will be used to ensure that a review of governance needs is done on a regular basis and Independent Members chosen that will best fit those needs over time. We discussed ways of announcing these kinds of leadership changes more formally (Joseph and Paul's new roles will be noted in the July Chair letter), and Eric suggested a press release at the conference might be a good idea. Eric and Mike will also discuss ways to publicly transfer leadership at the conference so it is visible to the members. The Nominations and Bylaws Committee will be working on formalizing the nominations and elections process for board elections (and codifying decisions from the AB and TB on this matter as well) in conjunction with the bylaws revisions over the next few months. Marcia suggested some formal recognition (certificate,&nbsp;??) to thank officers for their service to DCMI. 
4. **Membership and Finance Committee:** A number of actions have been taken over the last month by this committee, as decisions related to membership and registration fees for the annual meeting needed to be finalized. First among these is a decision to reduce the Individual Membership fee to $75 a year, and the student fee to $35 a year. The Governing Board has approved this change, and it is now reflected in the Conference registration fees, and will be on the website by the next build in late July. Along with this, conference registration fees were adjusted to include the full price of Individual Membership in the non-member registration cost, so that all registrants for the conference will become DCMI members by default (those who have already joined DCMI will receive a $75 discount on their registration costs). The Governing Board approved this action in time for the fees to be reflected in the [registration page](http://dcevents.dublincore.org/index.php/IntConf/index/pages/view/registration-2014)<sup id="cite_ref-0" class="reference"><a href="#cite_note-0">[1]</a></sup> for the conference, which went live on July 1. Eric also has proposed a task force to investigate the guidelines for conference hosts in future years, and will be asking the Membership and Finance Committee for approval to move ahead with this work. The chairs of the AB Conference and Meetings Committee will be included in this work, since they will be involved in revising the guidelines and managing the conference activities in the future. The last item under review is the extension of Tom and Stuart's contract through the end of the year, which is currently under vote for approval by the Governing Board. A full review of DCMI finances will be undertaken by the MFC prior to the Annual Meeting with a recommendation presented to the GB at that meeting.
5. **Annual Meeting Schedule:** Because of some changes in EC member schedules, we revisited the schedule for the Annual Meeting on October 11. It appears that the simplest change will be to move the AB meeting to the morning, with the AB committee meetings taking the first afternoon slot left vacant by the AB meeting move. Stuart will update the [schedule](http://dcevents.dublincore.org/IntConf/index/pages/view/annual14)<sup id="cite_ref-1" class="reference"><a href="#cite_note-1">[2]</a></sup> to reflect these changes and send to Marcia for the AB Steering Committee meeting tomorrow.
6. **Conference/Annual Meeting update:** The conference planning is proceeding well, with a number of special sessions and good support. Nine webinars have been scheduled with ASIS&T over the coming year, and Stuart will be working with the Conference and Meetings Committee to determine topics and speakers. Eric suggested that the MFC might also look at this as part of the revenue stream for DCMI, though Stuart emphasized that the income will be relatively small because of the $20 non-member fee (members have access for free as part of their membership benefits).
7. **Message from the Chair:** A draft message was circulated earlier and comments incorporated into the version sent out yesterday. If you have additional comments or suggestions, please send to the list (see actions below).
8. **New Business:** Marcia asked if receipts would be issued for conference registration, and Stuart said he assumed so, but that was up to the University of Texas team. Marcia asked also about interpreters for the conference sessions, and the answer was that there are no resources available for this. If a volunteer effort wants to take on the challenge, that would be perfectly fine, but it would have to happen outside the formal arrangements. Eric asked if there would be interest in a 20 year celebration of the original Dublin Core meeting at OCLC in 1995 on March 1-3 2015. All expressed support, pending funding and logistical arrangements. Eric will explore further and see if the event might be feasible.

## Action Items 

- **Clarification of AB Membership:** Marcia will discuss this with the Advisory Board Steering Committee, and develop a plan for deciding on criteria and process, which may need fuller discussion face to face in the Annual meeting.
- **Education and Outreach feedback:** The Education and Outreach committee would like feedback on their planning document. Send comments to [DC-EOC.JISCMAIL.AC.UK](mailto:DC-EOC.JISCMAIL.AC.UK).
- **Annual Meeting schedule:** Stuart will update the Annual Meeting schedule to reflect changes made today, and get to Marcia for tomorrow's AB Steering Committee meeting
- **Message from the Chair:** All review the July Chair Message. If you have comments or suggestions, please send to the list.

## Meeting Resources & References 

1. ↑ [http://dcevents.dublincore.org/index.php/IntConf/index/pages/view/registration-2014](http://dcevents.dublincore.org/index.php/IntConf/index/pages/view/registration-2014)
2. ↑ [http://dcevents.dublincore.org/IntConf/index/pages/view/annual14](http://dcevents.dublincore.org/IntConf/index/pages/view/annual14)

