---
title: '2014-05-07'
date: '2017-09-01T16:21:09+01:00'
description: 
draft: false
creators: []
contributors: []
publisher: 
tags: []
aliases:
- "/mediawiki_wiki/Exec_Committee/2014-05-07.html"
---

 **This is an archived MediaWiki page.**  
This page was last modified on 28 May 2017, at 12:34.  
This page has been accessed 372 times.

* * *

##### [Handbook](/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Handbook "DCMI Handbook"): [Table of Contents](/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Handbook/ "DCMI Handbook") 
<dl>
<dd> ► <i><a href="/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Governing_Board.md" title="DCMI Governing Board">Governing Board</a> committees:</i> <a href="/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Governing_Board/finance.md" title="DCMI Governing Board/finance">Membership &amp; Finance</a> ◘ <a href="/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Governing_Board/nominations.md" title="DCMI Governing Board/nominations">Nominations &amp; Bylaws</a> 
</dd>
<dd> ► <i><a href="/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Technical_Board.md" title="DCMI Technical Board">Technical Board</a> committees:</i> <a href="/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Technical_Board/usage.md" title="DCMI Technical Board/usage">Usage</a> ◘ <a href="/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Technical_Board/standards.md" title="DCMI Technical Board/standards">Standards &amp; Liaisons</a> ◘ <a href="/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Technical_Board/specifications.md" title="DCMI Technical Board/specifications">Community Specifications</a> ◘ <a href="/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Technical_Board/infrastructure.md" title="DCMI Technical Board/infrastructure">Infrastructure Advisory Committee (IAC)</a>
</dd>
<dd> ► <i><a href="/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Advisory_Board.md" title="DCMI Advisory Board">Advisory Board</a> committees:</i> <a href="/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Advisory_Board/meetings.md" title="DCMI Advisory Board/meetings">Conferences &amp; Meetings</a> ◘ <a href="/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Advisory_Board/documentation.md" title="DCMI Advisory Board/documentation">Education &amp; Outreach</a>
</dd>
<dd> ► <i>Management:</i> <a href="/mediawiki_wiki/Exec_Committee.md" title="Exec Committee">Executive</a> ◘ <a href="/mediawiki_wiki/Exec_Committee/directorate.md" title="Exec Committee/directorate">Directorate</a>
</dd>
</dl>

* * *

# 05 May 2014: Meeting Summary 
<table id="toc" class="toc">
  <tr>
    <td>
      <div id="toctitle">
        <h2>Contents</h2>
      </div>
      <ul>
        <li class="toclevel-1"><a href="#Handbook:_Table_of_Contents"><span class="tocnumber">1</span> <span class="toctext">Handbook: Table of Contents</span></a></li>
        <li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-1">
          <a href="#05_May_2014:_Meeting_Summary"><span class="tocnumber">2</span> <span class="toctext">05 May 2014: Meeting Summary</span></a>
          <ul>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-2"><a href="#Agenda"><span class="tocnumber">2.1</span> <span class="toctext">Agenda</span></a></li>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-3"><a href="#Summary"><span class="tocnumber">2.2</span> <span class="toctext">Summary</span></a></li>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-4"><a href="#Action_Items"><span class="tocnumber">2.3</span> <span class="toctext">Action Items</span></a></li>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-5"><a href="#Meeting_Resources_.26_References"><span class="tocnumber">2.4</span> <span class="toctext">Meeting Resources &amp; References</span></a></li>
          </ul>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>


## Agenda 

1. Status of TB co-chair and CSC chair search- Kai
2. Update on Advisory Board/committee activities- Marcia
3. Update on Nomination and Bylaws Committee activities- Mike
4. Update on Membership and Finance Committee activities- Eric
5. May message from the chair—Kai on TB or&nbsp;??
6. Update on annual meeting planning- Stuart
7. New business

## Summary 

Present: Tom Baker, Joseph Busch, Eric Childress, Michael Crandall, Stuart Sutton, Marcia Zeng

Regrets: Kai Eckert

1. **TB Chair/CSC Chair search:** Kai has started reaching out to individuals identified in our collective brainstorming, and will work through a prioritized list until he identifies a volunteer for the CSC co-chair (along with Stuart Sutton, who has already volunteered for this role). This person would ideally also be co-chair of the TB along with Kai, but that is not a necessary condition. If not, Kai will continue to search for a TB co-chair as well. The term for this appointment will run through the 2015 annual meeting to align with the AB schedule.
2. **Advisory Board update:** Both AB Committees have had initial meetings and are working to formalize their charters and scope of work. Stuart suggested that they share their efforts in progress with the EC for early feedback to make sure we are all on the same page before investing large amounts of work. For the Education and Outreach Committee, it will be important to include user documentation in their work plan, since this is a long-standing issue for DCMI. We discussed guidelines for developing committee and board policies, and agreed that this would be a bottom-up process, but that final review by the EC and approval by the GB would be wise to ensure as much consistency across the boards and committees as possible. We also reiterated that formal DCMI membership is not a requirement for membership or leadership of committees, though it would be nice to encourage individuals to join as an example. Joseph pointed out that our long-term goal should be to align membership with involvement, so that they go hand in hand.
3. **Nomination and Bylaws Committee update:** The committee met last week and is on track for nominating and electing a GB Chair-elect at the July 9th GB meeting. First step is recruiting a new GB member for the vacant independent member position, to ensure we have the widest possible field of candidates among the GB members. Deadline for nominations is May 13-- if you have ideas for a potential GB member who might also be a good candidate for a chair-elect, please send to Mike before that date. Post July 9, the committee will work on revising bylaws in time for the annual meeting for review and approval by the GB in their working session. The committee will also work with the TB and AB to codify support for their nomination and election processes.
4. **Membership and Finance Committee update:** Eric will be setting up a meeting of the committee later this month. Short-term plans are to develop personal membership scenarios to determine optimum pricing points, review the annual budget and integrate the planning into the committee's annual cycle. Longer term, the committee will work with the Conference and Meetings Committee to review the conference finances, probably looking toward the 2016 conference for implementation of a new model. Stuart also suggested looking at the Directorate roles and salaries, given the shift in responsibilities to the members for many of the tasks previously taken on in those roles. With contract renewals for Stuart and Tom coming up in July, this should be added to the short term list. Eric also noted that the committee will be co-chaired by the chair and the chair-elect, a slight change from our original proposal.
5. **Message from the Chair:** Kai has agreed to do a message from the TB Chair similar to Marcia's for the May web build, he will distribute that for review in the next week. Mike proposed topics for the next few months, if others have ideas please let him know. Stuart suggested highlighting the technical work going on with RDF, and some of the members working on other activities.
6. **Annual Meeting update:** Stuart reminded us that submissions are due on May 17th, so encourage your networks to participate. UNT has offered to support two of their students with scholarships, Stuart will use this as a way to encourage other institutions to do the same. A special session for students to meet presenters and interact with each other will be provided. Eric Miller will be invited as keynote, and participate in the RDF session. There are also a number of special session sponsors lined up, and a new track for best practice posters and demos (non-peer reviewed to encourage practitioners to participate). Finally the administrative meetings have been moved to Saturday because of space and scheduling issues, so all should plan to stay through the weekend to attend these.

## Action Items 

- **Keep wiki pages updated:** As guidelines and policies are firmed up for committees and boards, make sure to update the appropriate wiki handbook pages so we have a growing body of codified processes to work from as we re-do the bylaws.
- **Nominations for GB Independent Member:** If you have names of someone (or want to nominate yourself) for the open Independent member slot on the Governing Board, please send to Mike by May 13th.
- **Message from the Chair:** Kai will distribute a draft in the next week. Please review and respond if you have changes or comments-- it will need to be completed by May 13.

## Meeting Resources & References 

