---
title: restructureProcess
date: '2017-09-01T16:21:09+01:00'
description: 
draft: false
creators: []
contributors: []
publisher: 
tags: []
aliases:
- "/archive/mediawiki_wiki/Exec_Committee/restructureProcess.html"
---

 **This is an archived MediaWiki page.**  
This page was last modified on 17 January 2014, at 23:51.  
This page has been accessed 42,225 times.

[Return to Executive Committee](/archive/mediawiki_wiki/Exec_Committee "Exec Committee")

<table id="toc" class="toc">
  <tr>
    <td>
      <div id="toctitle">
        <h2>Contents</h2>
      </div>
      <ul>
        <li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-1"><a href="#The_Big_Picture_of_Change"><span class="tocnumber">1</span> <span class="toctext">The Big Picture of Change</span></a></li>
        <li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-2"><a href="#General_Procedure"><span class="tocnumber">2</span> <span class="toctext">General Procedure</span></a></li>
        <li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-3">
          <a href="#Bylaws"><span class="tocnumber">3</span> <span class="toctext">Bylaws</span></a>
          <ul>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-4"><a href="#Article_I:_Membership_Participation_Categories"><span class="tocnumber">3.1</span> <span class="toctext">Article I: Membership Participation Categories</span></a></li>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-5"><a href="#Article_II:_Governance"><span class="tocnumber">3.2</span> <span class="toctext">Article II: Governance</span></a></li>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-6"><a href="#Article_III:_Committees"><span class="tocnumber">3.3</span> <span class="toctext">Article III: Committees</span></a></li>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-7"><a href="#Article_IV:_Funding_and_Financial_Management"><span class="tocnumber">3.4</span> <span class="toctext">Article IV: Funding and Financial Management</span></a></li>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-8"><a href="#Article_V:_Rights_and_policies"><span class="tocnumber">3.5</span> <span class="toctext">Article V: Rights and policies</span></a></li>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-9"><a href="#Article_VI:_Amendments"><span class="tocnumber">3.6</span> <span class="toctext">Article VI: Amendments</span></a></li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-10"><a href="#Handbook"><span class="tocnumber">4</span> <span class="toctext">Handbook</span></a></li>
      </ul>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>


# [The Big Picture of Change](/archive/mediawiki_wiki/Exec_Committee/public/ "Exec Committee/public/") 

# General Procedure 

**Email from Mike Crandall** (Permalink: [https://www.jiscmail.ac.uk/cgi-bin/webadmin?A2=DC-EC;adb6aa18.1401](https://www.jiscmail.ac.uk/cgi-bin/webadmin?A2=DC-EC;adb6aa18.1401))

The Oversight Committee has unanimously approved the draft revision of the DCMI governance structure, and we are now ready to move on to the next steps in this process. These consist of the following, some of which may happen in parallel:

1. Marcia and Joseph will need to report back to the Advisory Board on the changes we have suggested. I think this is an advisory action, not one that requires approval, but will leave it to Marcia and Joseph as the officers of the AB to make that call.
2. In concert with that action (and perhaps as part of it), the AB committees will need to be finalized and their charters fleshed out with appropriate detail.
  - Community Specifications
  - Education/User Documentation
  - Conferences & Meetings
  - Planning
3. As the Executive Committee, we will need to meet soon, including Tom and Kai as the officers of the Usage Board, to discuss our approach to revising the bylaws to reflect the changes we have proposed, and work through the final definition of the AB community specifications committee relationship to the Usage Board.
4. Once the AB committees have been finalized and we all agree on charters and relationships, Marcia and Joseph will need to define a process for selecting Committee chairs and members for the current year. The charters will need to be well described before doing this, since it will be important for the chairs to understand what they are taking on with the role.
5. We will need to add the UB to the EC wiki, and Tom and Kai will need to populate their EC wiki page with content similar to that existing on the current AB and GB pages.
6. We will need to update the bylaws to reflect the changes suggested, and develop more detailed processes and procedures for all of the new bodies to reflect the changed responsibilities and activities.
7. We will need to determine how the changes should be announced to the DCMI membership, and when.
8. Once the announcement has been made, Stuart will need to update the name of the Oversight Committee to Governing Board on the website, the mail-list and any other communication vehicles that may be affected by this change, and the appropriate changes made to the About Us page (and subsidiary governance pages) on the DCMI website.

# Bylaws 

## Article I: Membership Participation Categories 

## Article II: Governance 

- **Governing Board** 
- **[Usage Board](/archive/mediawiki_wiki/Exec_Committee/UB "Exec Committee/UB")** 
- **Advisory Board** 

## Article III: Committees 

- **Governing Board** 
  - Membership & Finance
  - Nominations & Bylaws
- **Advisory Board** 
  - Planning
  - Community Specifications
  - Education/Training/User Documentation
  - Conferences & Meetings

## Article IV: Funding and Financial Management 

## Article V: Rights and policies 

## Article VI: Amendments 

# Handbook 

