LD4PE CompIndex Editorial Board - Telecon 14 (Fri 2017-02-10)

Agenda:   https://github.com/ld4pe/cieb/blob/master/calls/2017-02-10.cieb-agenda.md

Attended: Tom, Stuart, Debbie, Magnus, Kai

LD4PE EXTENSION (Tom and Stuart)

While we wait for this crucial piece to be put into place, this week's call
will simply to pick up the threads from last Fall and Summer: to check some
long-outstanding pull requests.

----------------------------------------------------------------------
COMPETENCY STYLE

* https://github.com/ld4pe/cieb/blob/master/calls/ld4pe-competencies-baker.pdf
  Please read these guidelines, which I put together for a presentation at
  DC-2016 in Copenhagen, with particular attention to slides 7 and 8.

* Slide 7 highlights the verbs used to describe a competency (or benchmark).
  Would it be helpful, for potential writers of new competencies, to limit the
  set of appropriate verbs (or at least strongly suggest them)?  If we do so,
  might we want to tweak the wording of a few existing competencies

* Slide 7 highlights the verbs used to describe a competency (or benchmark).
  Would it be helpful, for potential writers of new competencies, to limit the
  set of appropriate verbs (or at least strongly suggest them)?  If we do so,
  might we want to tweak the wording of a few existing competencies
  accordingly?

----------------------------------------------------------------------
EXISTING GITHUB PULL REQUESTS

* Kai
  * Pull request: https://github.com/ld4pe/cieb/pull/32
    * Pull diff: https://github.com/ld4pe/cieb/pull/32/files

* Debbie
  * Pull request: https://github.com/ld4pe/cieb/pull/33
    * Pull diff: https://github.com/ld4pe/cieb/pull/33/files
  * Pull request: https://github.com/ld4pe/cieb/pull/37
    * Pull diff: https://github.com/ld4pe/cieb/pull/37/files

* Magnus
  * Pull request: https://github.com/ld4pe/cieb/pull/35
    * Pull diff: https://github.com/ld4pe/cieb/pull/35/files

Tom: We'd like to have 2 calls early feb- april.

Joseph Chapman has been working on pull requests in a new workflow, so
members of the pubic can propose things of the editor, which creates a pull
request against the RDF representation of the comp index. This lowers the
bar; you don't need to edit Turtle to do this.

Stuart: I've been working with this front-end tool that would allow to pull
the index in to the editor and add things.Just a note of Joseph's timing;
he's a bit pressed. But he solved almost all of the Github stuff. So that
piece is moving along. He should be finished with it by the weekend. Not much
left for him to solve. He could perhaps join us for a call as he's in Tucson.

Tom: We've already got a start this week. PR's are nervewracking but we're
getting a better grasp. We need to accept Debbie's proposals.  Anyone want to
share so we can approve PRs? Kai?  [Going through Debbie's comments and
competencies]. PRs create a commit on YOUR branch but also a commit on the
repository. You don't have to be on the particular branch to address the
commit. So you can revert, or do whatever..

Kai: So if you're on a branch you check a file on a totally different commit?

Tom: Yes.
    
Debbie: I put two windows side-by-side and used Tom's comments, with
wordsmithing, made changes in CompIndex-stage.txt.  Took out some competencies. 

Tom: Is it possible to merge part of a pull request.

Kai: Do not overcomplicate things.

Magnus: Having mulitple branches is complicated and hard to follow.

Kai: I can commit into Debbie's pull request (shows how to add full stops using
the pencil icon).

Magnus: Usually you have your own branch, own pull request, etc.

Kai: In a development project, the complexity is sometimes needed, but we can
keep it simple.  We should not just commit things whenever we see an issue; can
communicate directly with the committer in such a small group.  For this one, I
do not understand line 217.

Debbie: I'd be open to dropping the last part of the sentence.

Debbie: SNORQL: AJAX front-end. [Kai adds a comment.]

Tom: we use DC:review; but those comments in our threads aren't part of our
GitHub record. Shall we move all discussion to Github for discussing technical
/wording issues on comp index? We agree to do this. It makes sense.

Kai: Address changes and comments in your Pull Request tab in your particular
branch and make changes accordingly.

Magnus: Expanded me Creating Linked Data applications. I did no trailing dots,
so feel free to complain! This a commit from my personal repository. How does
it work when it's done this way?  We need to update against the upstream, keep
it up to date!

Kai: We need proper documentation of editorial workflow. Click here, click
there. Click the plus sign by a line to comment on that particular line of
code/writing. Are we reflecting the workflow? Are our guidelines transparent to
those outside the immediate project?  

Tom: There's one more thing I'd like to discuss: Do we want to consolidate
stylistic guidelines? And if we do: Do we want to apply them in existing file?
Going over wording styles from Tom's slides. There are a few competencies that
didn't fit the mold. It wouldn't take long to go through and check for
consistency. 

Stuart: I have a question for what we're looking through now. DCMI just
published a call for contributions to DCMI;2017. Do you think we could
contribute a paper on the development of this work/the editorial board? It
would be a nice as a project deliverable. We are interested!

Tom: Let's close the meeting now.

Debbie: write to the board which pull request we want to have reviewed?
