---
title: Meeting Agenda and Minutes- 3 April 2012
date: '2017-09-01T16:21:09+01:00'
description: 
draft: false
creators: []
contributors: []
publisher: 
tags: []
aliases:
- "/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Membership/Meeting_Agenda_and_Minutes-_3_April_2012.html"
---

 **This is an archived MediaWiki page.**  
This page was last modified on 28 May 2017, at 11:53.  
This page has been accessed 573 times.

Return to [DCMI Membership](/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Membership)

<table id="toc" class="toc">
  <tr>
    <td>
      <div id="toctitle">
        <h2>Contents</h2>
      </div>
      <ul>
        <li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-1"><a href="#Agenda"><span class="tocnumber">1</span> <span class="toctext">Agenda</span></a></li>
        <li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-2">
          <a href="#Minutes"><span class="tocnumber">2</span> <span class="toctext">Minutes</span></a>
          <ul>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-3"><a href="#Discussion_of_JISC_Transition_Group_Findings"><span class="tocnumber">2.1</span> <span class="toctext">Discussion of JISC Transition Group Findings</span></a></li>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-4"><a href="#Work_Item_4:_DCMI_Membership.2FAudiences"><span class="tocnumber">2.2</span> <span class="toctext">Work Item 4: DCMI Membership/Audiences</span></a></li>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-5"><a href="#Next_Steps"><span class="tocnumber">2.3</span> <span class="toctext">Next Steps</span></a></li>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-6"><a href="#Next_Meeting"><span class="tocnumber">2.4</span> <span class="toctext">Next Meeting</span></a></li>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-7"><a href="#Action_Items_and_New_Activities"><span class="tocnumber">2.5</span> <span class="toctext">Action Items and New Activities</span></a></li>
          </ul>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>


***Members Attending:*** Ana Alice Baptista, Mike Crandall, Rachel Bruce

***Members Not Attending:*** Joseph Busch, Keven Liu, Emma Tonkin, Paul Walk

***Exofficio Attending:*** Tom Baker, Stuart Sutton

***Exofficio Not Attending:*** Raju Buddharaju

## Agenda 

1. Roll call and status report- Mike Crandall (3 minutes)
2. Discussion of JISC Transition Group findings and implications for DCMI- Rachel/Stuart (10 minutes)
3. Update on [Work Item 4: Investigate audiences for DCMI services and products](/index.php?title=DCMI_Membership/Audiences&action=edit&redlink=1 "DCMI Membership/Audiences (page does not exist)") Ana (5 minutes)
4. Next steps for moving ahead (see [Task Group charter](/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Membership#Charter) for desired end point)- Mike Crandall (1 minute)
5. Next meeting times- Mike Crandall (1 minute)

## Minutes 

### Discussion of JISC Transition Group Findings

Rachel resonded briefly to Stuart's question of whether there was anything DCMI might learn from the findings of the JISC Transition Group studies (see background information [[1]](http://www.jisc.ac.uk/aboutus/hefcereview/takingthereviewforward.aspx) particularly the Strand A report on an analysis of the most appropriate new business and governance models for a new JISC as a separate legal entity [[2]](http://www.jisc.ac.uk/media/documents/aboutus/annualreview/strand_a.pdf)). In brief, the transition plan for JISC to move to an independent entity is being launched now, and JISC will be operating on the same funding model for its first year as a bridge to an eventual self-sustaining model. Rachel pointed out that JISC was more complicated than DCMI with 73 services, 3 companies and 4 related bodies involved; part of the restructuring is aimed at streamlining this. Since the transition has just begun, a sustainable funding model has not yet been developed, this is being worked on now. Rachel noted that one thing which could be helpful to DCMI is Kotter's change model [[3]](http://www.kotterinternational.com/kotterprinciples/ChangeSteps/). Rachel will try to find time to pull together some thoughts on this in the month ahead, though since she is in the midst of the activity may not be able to do this right away.

### Work Item 4: DCMI Membership/Audiences

Ana reported briefly on a Facebook poll she conducted to determine the major audiences using DCMI. She received 25 votes, and based on a quick analysis found that the top two audiences were computer scientists/software engineers and librarians. Other categories included archivists, software companies, and information managers. She has posted the results on the [Work Item 4](/index.php?title=DCMI_Membership/Audiences&action=edit&redlink=1 "DCMI Membership/Audiences (page does not exist)") page.

### Next Steps

- Continue adding content to the Work Item pages
- Stuart has posed some questions related to a statement of direction as a way to start a conversation about outcomes of our work. I've posted these on a separate page for comment and discussion: Statements of Direction. These may help shape our final recommendations, so please take some time to review and add your thoughts and comments before our next meeting.

### Next Meeting

Our next meeting is scheduled for (at the same times as our last two meetings):

- Thursday, May 17

### Action Items and New Activities

Continue work on the four new work items (plus the original three); post any updates to the appropriate wiki pages:

- [Work Item 4: Investigate audiences for DCMI services and products](/index.php?title=DCMI_Membership/Audiences&action=edit&redlink=1 "DCMI Membership/Audiences (page does not exist)") (Ana & Joseph in consultation with Raju, Rachel, Dixon as current members)
- [Work Item 5: Investigate what works for other organizationsâ€”lessons learned](/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Membership/Lessons_Learned) (Paul, Stuart)
- [Work Item 6: Investigate partnership options as an alternative to an independent DCMI](/index.php?title=DCMI_Membership/Partnerships&action=edit&redlink=1 "DCMI Membership/Partnerships (page does not exist)") (Stuart)
- [Work Item 7: Develop use cases for services and products](/index.php?title=DCMI_Membership/Use_Cases&action=edit&redlink=1 "DCMI Membership/Use Cases (page does not exist)") (Paul to provide example, others will contribute based on that)
- Statements of Direction: Please find a few minutes to comment on these statements (or add others), this may help us come to a set of recommendations to pass on to the OC for consideration at the annual meeting.

