---
title: Meeting Agenda and Minutes- 17 May 2012
date: '2017-09-01T16:21:09+01:00'
description: 
draft: false
creators: []
contributors: []
publisher: 
tags: []
aliases:
- "/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Membership/Meeting_Agenda_and_Minutes-_17_May_2012.html"
---

 **This is an archived MediaWiki page.**  
This page was last modified on 28 May 2017, at 11:46.  
This page has been accessed 300 times.

Return to [DCMI Membership](/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Membership "DCMI Membership")

<table id="toc" class="toc">
  <tr>
    <td>
      <div id="toctitle">
        <h2>Contents</h2>
      </div>
      <ul>
        <li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-1"><a href="#Agenda"><span class="tocnumber">1</span> <span class="toctext">Agenda</span></a></li>
        <li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-2">
          <a href="#Minutes"><span class="tocnumber">2</span> <span class="toctext">Minutes</span></a>
          <ul>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-3"><a href="#Report_out_on_Work_Items"><span class="tocnumber">2.1</span> <span class="toctext">Report out on Work Items</span></a></li>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-4">
              <a href="#Statements_of_Direction"><span class="tocnumber">2.2</span> <span class="toctext">Statements of Direction</span></a>
              <ul>
                <li class="toclevel-3 tocsection-5"><a href="#Statement_1"><span class="tocnumber">2.2.1</span> <span class="toctext">Statement 1</span></a></li>
                <li class="toclevel-3 tocsection-6"><a href="#Statement_2"><span class="tocnumber">2.2.2</span> <span class="toctext">Statement 2</span></a></li>
                <li class="toclevel-3 tocsection-7"><a href="#Statement_3"><span class="tocnumber">2.2.3</span> <span class="toctext">Statement 3</span></a></li>
                <li class="toclevel-3 tocsection-8"><a href="#Statement_4"><span class="tocnumber">2.2.4</span> <span class="toctext">Statement 4</span></a></li>
              </ul>
            </li>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-9"><a href="#Additional_Discussion"><span class="tocnumber">2.3</span> <span class="toctext">Additional Discussion</span></a></li>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-10"><a href="#Next_Steps"><span class="tocnumber">2.4</span> <span class="toctext">Next Steps</span></a></li>
          </ul>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>


***Members Attending:*** Ana Alice Baptista, Mike Crandall

***Members Not Attending:*** Rachel Bruce, Joseph Busch, Keven Liu, Emma Tonkin, Paul Walk

***Exofficio Attending:*** Tom Baker, Stuart Sutton

***Exofficio Not Attending:*** Raju Buddharaju

## Agenda 

1. Roll call and status report- Mike Crandall (3 minutes)
2. Report out from Work Item teams- team leads (5 minutes)
3. Discussion of Statements of Direction - Mike Crandall (20 minutes)
4. Next steps for moving ahead- Mike Crandall (5 minutes)

## Minutes 

### Report out on Work Items

No changes have been made to any of the work items since our last meeting, so no further discussion was held on these items. They are considered closed at this point, but will be used as a resource for drafting the final report to the Directorate.

### Statements of Direction

#### Statement 1

Ana noted that expanding beyond geographic representation makes sense, but not sure how it would be done. Institutional commitment would be needed, which would be difficult because of a lack of common infrastructure. Stuart suggested that perhaps a consortium of National Libraries might work out an arrangement to split costs and decide how they would be represented on the Oversight Committee. Ana volunteered to post a note on the Cafeteria DCMI Facebook page [[1]](http://www.facebook.com/pages/Cafeteria-DCMI/337293386293290) to see if there are any ideas on this from that community. Stuart also noted that changing membership criteria would take an amendment to the charter, which is a major change to the legal structure, so may not be the best approach to this problem. Ana later asked a question which relates to this statement regarding the membership fee table, which Stuart indicated was not legally binding and could be changed. One recommendation from the committee may be to review this table and decide if there are better ways to determine membership fees, such as the Human Development Index, which would apply to both individuals and organizations, or on the size of the organization interested in joining DCMI.

#### Statement 2

In our current model, we have multiple levels of Partner engagement ( [http://dublincore.org/about/partnership/](http://dublincore.org/about/partnership/)) with a fairly onerous agreement associated with this type of engagement. If we could figure out a way to simplify this and extend the opportunity to institutions of various types that might want to engage with DCMI short of member status, but possibly including becoming part of the Oversight Committee, this would both open up possibilities for increased revenue and also avoid the problem above by providing a less difficult method for engaging partners in the initiative. All that would be required for this to happen is for the current members to amend the bylaws to allow partners to be added to the Oversight Committee. Tom also noted that something to be considered here is whether decision making in either the Oversight Committee or Member meeting has to be face to face or could be virtual. Stuart noted that the only restriction in place currrently is that the decisions made in the Member meeting must be through synchronous attendance, but could be virtual or face to face. The Oversight Committee has on restrictions on meeting conditions, so could be asynchronous or synchronous, virtual or face to face.

#### Statement 3

There are two issues here, one concerning the mechanics of making it possible for individuals to subscribe to DCMI, the second concerning the best method of managing content through a life cycle that would move from restricted access for DCMI subscribers to a fully open repository of all content as an end point. Some work has been done on both of these, but needs further exploration.

#### Statement 4

Changing the institutional structure of DCMI is outside the original scope of the membership committee, but has implications for how the issues that have been raised in the committee might be addressed in the longer term. Exploring possible partnerships for infrastructure support may be a necessary step to ensure long-term survival, and could be beneficial in achieving some of the initiatives goals if the proper partner could be found. Stuart will try to find prior work that has been done in this area in Oversight Committee notes from previous meetings and add that to the wiki if available.

### Additional Discussion

Ana raised the question of the DCMI Proceedings not being indexed in ISS or Scopus, since this is an issue for academics wishing to contribute papers and attend the conferences. Without this indexing it is very difficult to justify the effort and expense involved to the sponsoring institution. Stuart noted that Eric Childress at OCLC has been working on getting the proceedings indexed, and has a current application in with Scopus. But he cautioned that the conference is not intended to be an academic conference, rather a mix of practice and theory, so it is more difficult to get approval for indexing in these major academic indexes.

### Next Steps

This was the last meeting of the Task Group. Mike Crandall will synthesize the material gathered and the discussions into a report which will be posted here for review and discussion by the Task Group, with a view to creating a final report incorporating any comments by the end of July to pass to the Directorate with recommendations/questions that can be taken to a wider audience for discussion and action. Mike will notify the group once the draft report is posted and be responsible for delivery of the final draft after approval.

