---
title: AB-SC-2014-May-8-Minutes
date: '2017-09-01T16:21:09+01:00'
description: 
draft: false
creators: []
contributors: []
publisher: 
tags: []
aliases:
- "/archive/mediawiki_wiki/AB-SC-2014-May-8-Minutes.html"
---

 **This is an archived MediaWiki page.**  
This page was last modified on 10 July 2014, at 17:11.  
This page has been accessed 23,980 times.

<table id="toc" class="toc">
  <tr>
    <td>
      <div id="toctitle">
        <h2>Contents</h2>
      </div>
      <ul>
        <li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-1">
          <a href="#Advisory_Board_Steering_Committee_First_meeting_.28May_8.2C_2014_one_hour.29"><span class="tocnumber">1</span> <span class="toctext">Advisory Board Steering Committee First meeting (May 8, 2014 one hour)</span></a>
          <ul>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-2"><a href="#I._Summary_of_the_AB-wide_issues"><span class="tocnumber">1.1</span> <span class="toctext">I. Summary of the AB-wide issues</span></a></li>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-3">
              <a href="#II._Committees"><span class="tocnumber">1.2</span> <span class="toctext">II. Committees</span></a>
              <ul>
                <li class="toclevel-3 tocsection-4"><a href="#1._Education_.26_Outreach_Committee"><span class="tocnumber">1.2.1</span> <span class="toctext">1. Education &amp; Outreach Committee</span></a></li>
                <li class="toclevel-3 tocsection-5"><a href="#2._Conferences_and_Meetings_committee"><span class="tocnumber">1.2.2</span> <span class="toctext">2. Conferences and Meetings committee</span></a></li>
              </ul>
            </li>
            <li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-6"><a href="#III._Communications:"><span class="tocnumber">1.3</span> <span class="toctext">III. Communications:</span></a></li>
          </ul>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

# Advisory Board Steering Committee First meeting (May 8, 2014 one hour) 

6:00 am.- Pacific time: 9:00 am.-NY time; 2:00 pm.-Lisbon and London; 3:00 pm. -Brussels; and 9:00 pm.-Shanghai.

Participation: Joseph A. Busch, Ana Alice Baptista, Muriel Foulonneau, Stuart Sutton, Marcia Zeng

Keven was on a trip therefore could not attend. Emma had to deal with an emergent system issue. They were represented by their co-chairs. The meeting is recorded for everyone to listen after the meeting.

## I. Summary of the AB-wide issues 
<dl><dd> 
</dd></dl>


1. The membership of AB: needs further discussions from the group, may propose to EC, but it would be a cross-board issue for the whole DCMI. Eventually the governing board could make some guidelines and policies for all DCMI boards.

2. Committee member recruiting: AB would let the chairs to decide who to work with and how many members needed. The Chairs will be responsible to find people by themselves, as flexible as possible.

3. The 2014 Annual meeting will give the committees time to meet. Since it is on Saturday, there should be a lot of time to have informal discussions with DCMI conference participants from Tuesday and on. Will be good to recruit committee members and also gather ideas.

## II. Committees 

### 1. Education & Outreach Committee 

The Committee will have a proposal of the projections in 2 weeks. (Including short term and long-term goals. Will include the measurement, and align the objectives with the action items.) The chairs will focus on the short-term goal's accomplishment. Then, will invite people to serve on the Committee. The structure will have three levels; there will be team working on their tasks. Stuart will be available to comment/mark on the document the Committee prepared.

There is an established infrastructure of the webinar with ASIST, managed through Stuart’s effort. The online form is available for people to propose webinars.

A Leaning Linked Data proposal has been prepared for an IMLS grant, led by Mike and participated by other DCMI people.

### 2. Conferences and Meetings committee 

A set of questions to be answered before next Steering Committee meeting: (this is updated with the email sent after the SC meeting by Muriel on May 9).

- . Committee composition
- . Annual meeting pieces: what are the types of costs for the organization of the annual committee? Are the costs mainly for travels? Where are the members based?
- . Event construction kit prepared by Stuart, where to locate.
- . A panel could be organized at ASIST’s annual meeting.

## III. Communications: 

- • Committees can use mailing list for communications. Some are monitored. 
- • Wiki should be used for documenting the actions, meeting minutes, etc. Wiki location: [/archive/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI\_Advisory\_Board](/archive/mediawiki_wiki/DCMI_Advisory_Board)

IV. Future meeting schedule:

- • Propose to have the AB Steering Committee’s monthly meeting on the second Thursday of the month.
- • Stuart already booked WebEx session for the repeating event. Check the schedules at: [http://alturl.com/7hauy](http://alturl.com/7hauy)

