-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
John Kunze, jak@ckm.ucsf.edu
A Unified Element Vocabulary for Metadata, 15 May 1996
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Problems arise in designing element name spaces (vocabularies)
that fit current and projected metadata needs across many uses
and fields of knowledge.  One need is to support an ongoing
process of enrolling new names into element vocabularies
(extending them) while minimizing conflict with natural language
connotations and existing element definitions.

Appealingly simple solution: partition top-level name space into
subspaces, distribute control over enrollment to communities.

One problem: divisions relax over time.  Boundaries btw fields
blur, communities pick up elements from each other, introduce
inter-community dependencies.  COmmunity interoperability drops.
Experience w/Z39.50: communities pick and choose elements from
each other, and they import external vocabularies whole into
their own.

Rather, we should consider design: a single vocabulary for all
elements.  Different definitions for the same element would
appear together as alternates, just as in a natural language
dictionary.

"To test whether an element vocabulary needs that much room to
grow, it is sufficient to reflect how hard it is to think of a
natural language word that could NOT conceivably name an
element."

This vocabulary would consist of a stable base of approved
elements augmented by an informally evolving set of commonly used
elements.  The vocabulary approval process would be lightweight
and adaptable.  An interesting functional model to borrow from is
natural language, which has approved vocabularies (eg, the Oxford
English dictionary) augmented by a set of commonly used terms.

